   #[1]Tony's Reading List » Feed [2]Tony's Reading List » Comments Feed
   [3]Tony's Reading List [4]WordPress.com

   [5]Skip to content

   (BUTTON) Primary Menu
     * [6]Home
     * [7]2009 Reviews
     * [8]2010 Reviews
     * [9]2011 Reviews
     * [10]2012 Reviews
     * [11]2013 Reviews
     * [12]2014 Reviews
     * [13]2015 Reviews
     * [14]2016 Reviews
     * [15]Just who is Tony, and what exactly is his Reading List?
     * [16]Library of Korean Literature Reviews
     * [17]Review Policy
     * [18]Something a Little Different…
     * [19]Tony’s Reading List on Tour

   (BUTTON) Search
   Search for: ____________________ Search

[20]Tony's Reading List

Too lazy to be a writer – Too egotistical to be quiet

[21]‘The Heredity of Taste’ by Natsume Sōseki (Review)

   [22]February 18, 2016February 18, 2016[23]Tony[24]3 Comments

   [25]IMG_5391 There’s a point at which interest in a writer crosses the
   line into obsession, and in the case of [26]Natsume Sōseki that point
   was reached a long, long time ago.  In addition to reading, and
   rereading, his more famous books (e.g. [27]Botchan, [28]I am a Cat,
   [29]Kokoro), I’ve spent countless hours online looking out for any new
   releases (e.g. the recent Aardvark Bureau edition of [30]The Miner) and
   searching for second-hand editions of his minor works.  Today’s choice
   is a very minor early work, one I doubt would appeal to most readers,
   but for any Sōseki fan there’s always something there to make reading
   his work worthwhile – let’s see if I can find it :)

   *****
   The Heredity of Taste (translated by Sammy I. Tsunematsu, published by
   Tuttle Publishing), set in Tokyo in 1905, is a novella in three parts
   focusing on the recently ended Russo-Japanese war and its effects on
   one family.  The story begins with the narrator strolling through the
   streets on his way to a meeting at Shimbara railway station, idly
   musing on the idea of war as he goes:

   Under the influence of the weather, even the gods lose their reason.
   “Let’s exterminate mankind!  Let loose the ravenous dogs!” was the cry
   that resounded from the heavens to the depths of the Sea of Japan and
   made it rage in all directions.  The cry penetrated as far as
   Manchuria.  As soon as they heard it, the Japanese and Russians
   responded by creating an immense slaughterhouse in the plains to the
   north of the Continent of Asia, stretching over more than 400
   kilometers.  So, under the skies, great hordes of ferocious dogs
   appeared and sped across the vast expanse.
   p.17 (Tuttle Publishing, 2004)

   Ironically, he is roused from his gloomy thoughts by a crowd of people
   with a rather different opinion of the war, relatives of the returning
   victorious Japanese troops waiting to welcome their sons and fathers
   back to the mother country.

   When the narrator decides to take a look at the troops as they file
   past, tired, dishevelled and burnt by the fierce continental sun, he
   notices one soldier in particular, a young man who reminds him of a
   friend of his, Kō-san – one who tragically lost his life over in
   China.  This pricks his conscience, sending him off to the cemetery to
   pay his respects, where he sees a young woman laying flowers on his
   friend’s grave.  She departs before our friend is able to gather his
   wits, leaving him wondering who she could be.  As an only son, with no
   wife or fiancée, the dearly departed had no young woman in his life at
   all – at least, not until now…

   The Heredity of Taste is described as an anti-war novel, and this is
   most evident in the first half of the book.  The narrator imagines the
   Japanese attack on a Russian stronghold, a vision of a line of
   soldiers, moving forwards like ants.  These are melancholy thoughts of
   whole units gunned down in the trench surrounding the fortress, never
   to arise, an image in stark contrast to the jingoistic ‘Banzai’ cries
   at Shimbara station.

   However, the story soon moves on from the epic to the intimate, with
   much of the second half spent pursuing the mystery woman.  The narrator
   takes it upon himself to find out who she is, visiting Kō-san’s mother
   and asking for her son’s diary in which he hopes to find clues as to
   the woman’s identity.  Part of the impetus for the quest is pure
   curiosity, his interest piqued by the fleeting glimpse of a beautiful
   woman, yet there’s a more serious motive behind it too.  His desire to
   find out the truth is an attempt to make right what was destroyed by
   the war, hopefully giving the dead hero’s mother something to ease her
   pain.

   In truth, this is not Sōseki’s best work.  It’s a slight, 80-page
   novella, a story caught between a mixture of styles which never really
   cohere.  The title is related to the secret of the woman and the
   relationship between two families, but this idea of inherited tastes
   has little to do with the other ideas of the story and seems slightly
   misplaced.  Apparently, The Heredity of Taste was written in eight
   days, and, well, I’m quite prepared to believe it…

   The story was published in 1906, one of four books released that year
   (according to [31]Sōseki’s Wikipedia page, anyway…).  It follows
   Botchan and [32]Kusamakura, preceding [33]The 210th Day, and the dry
   humour of these early books is evident here too:

   Understanding that the best thing to do is keep quiet and resolutely
   adopting that policy, I steered well clear of such comments.  I am an
   honest man by nature, but as I live in society I try not to arouse
   anyone’s resentment and sometimes I am compelled to lie in this
   endeavor.  As soon as honesty becomes compatible with daily social
   life, I will stop telling such lies. (pp.73/4)

   Typical early Sōseki – words which could have come straight from the
   mouth of a certain cat ;)

   For me (and, I suspect, for many other Sōseki admirers) the main
   interest of The Heredity of Taste lies in its relation to other, later
   work.  One book which certainly uses ideas first mentioned here is
   Kokoro.  This one too is a three-part story, and both works chronicle a
   friend’s demise and have a woman at the heart of the story.  Another
   theme repeated later in Sōseki’s career is that of the suicide of the
   army General after the Meiji Emperor’s death: here it’s a minor detail,
   but in Kokoro, it’s an important part of the story, playing a part in
   the main character’s own decisions.

   For readers with little knowledge of the era, Stephen W. Kohl’s
   introduction fills in some cultural and historical gaps, while also
   highlighting the importance of the Russo-Japanese War for Japan (a
   conflict marking the first time an Asian nation had defeated a European
   power).  Kohl remarks on Sōseki’s approach of favouring the micro view
   over the macro:

   This story may be added to the list of Sōseki’s stories of failed love,
   yet the poignancy of the failure of these two young people to be
   together in a loving relationship is an expression of the losses
   suffered during the war.  Instead of telling us how many thousands of
   young men died at Port Arthur, he shows us the full, tragic
   implications of a single death and leaves it to us as readers to
   multiply this tragedy by uncounted thousands. (p.15)

   How successfully he does this is up for debate, and I can’t really see
   many readers now rushing out to source a copy.  However, if there any
   other Sōseki tragics out there, I’m sure you’ll enjoy finding out for
   yourselves ;)
   [34]January in Japan, [35]Japan, [36]Natsume Soseki, [37]Review

[38]‘The Night Watch’ by Patrick Modiano (Review)

   [39]February 15, 2016February 15, 2016[40]Tony[41]6 Comments

   [42]IMG_5331 With yet more translations of [43]Patrick Modiano’s work
   appearing this year (a couple of which I already have on the shelves),
   it’s high time I read more of what appeared in 2015.  Last year, I
   posted on the first of The Occupation Trilogy novels, collected in
   [44]a beautiful hardback edition from Bloomsbury Publishing, and today
   I’m looking at the second of these short works from early in Modiano’s
   career.  There’s a definite connection in style with the exuberant
   debut of [45]La Place de l’Étoile, yet if you look closely, the
   transition to his later, more minimalist technique is slowly getting
   underway…

   *****
   The Night Watch (translated by Patricia Wolf, revised by Frank Wynne)
   begins with a bang, throwing the reader into a hedonistic scene with
   hints of 1920s Berlin (or The Great Gatsby).  It’s actually occupied
   Paris, and an unlikely mix of crooks and fake aristocracy are fiddling
   while French self-esteem burns:

   ‘One rumba, just one rumba,’ pleads the Baroness. ‘One rumba, one
   rumba!’ shrieks Violette Morris.  Beneath the glow of the chandeliers,
   they flush, turning blue in the face, flushing to deep purple.  Beads
   of perspiration trickle down their temples, their eyes grow wide.  Pols
   de Helder’s face grows black as if it were burning up.  Count Baruzzi’s
   cheeks are sunken, the bags under Rachid von Rosenheim’s eyes puff
   bloated.  Lionel de Zieff brings one hand to his heart.  Costachesco
   and Odicharvi seem stupified.  The women’s make-up begins to crack,
   their hair turning ever more garish colours.  They are all putrefying
   and will surely rot right where they stand.  Do they stink already?
   p.123 (Bloomsbury, 2015)

   A chaotic scene, one in which the reader struggles to find their
   bearings, forced to latch on to the narrator (although he’s less a
   narrator here than a silent pair of eyes drinking in the carnage).

   When the party dies down, we slowly begin to make sense of the story.
   The chaotic troupe are a bunch of criminals made-good, taking advantage
   of the flight from Paris of the city’s rulers to take control of the
   city, cooperating with the (largely unseen and unmentioned) German
   occupiers.  Having been discovered by one of the group’s leaders, the
   young narrator, known only by the code name of Swing Troubador, becomes
   a handy henchman, favoured for his knowledge of culture (allowing him
   to recognise the loot worth plundering from the vacant mansions) and
   his pleasing, innocent countenance.

   This feature is to lead him into darkness as he is used by the gang to
   infiltrate a resistance group, led by ‘the Lieutenant’.  At the same
   time, the freedom fighters assign him the name of La Princess de
   Lamballe and task him with bringing down the leaders of the traitors
   bringing fear to the French capital.  Obviously, there’s only so long
   he can string both groups along – and whichever way he jumps, there’s
   unlikely to be a happy ending.

   In The Night Watch, Modiano once again sets out to poke away at the
   sore wound of French behaviour during the Second World War occupation,
   with the shadowy youth at the center of the novel a reflection of the
   average citizen’s behaviour during the period:

   It was in the pawnshop on the Rue Pierre Charron (my mother would often
   go there, but they always refused to take her paste jewellery) that I
   decided once and for all that poverty was a pain in the arse.  You
   might think I have no principles.  I stared out a pure and innocent
   soul.  But innocence gets lost along the way. (p.171)

   The youth is neither good nor bad, a drifter shaped by circumstances,
   but he is marked by a distinct lack of a real moral centre, unable to
   decide between the two groups who put their trust in him, and the
   temptation of wealth and relative comfort is too much for him.

   Which is not to say that he throws himself obliviously into his role as
   a double agent.  There are frequent glimpses of his sense of shame at
   this betrayal, and he’s under no illusion that his actions might all
   turn out for the best.  It is made clear that these long, violent
   nights are temporary and that the old order will eventually be
   restored.  In fact, he shows a sober sense of realism, knowing that his
   time will come, all the bright lights burning out in the darkness of a
   bloody Parisian night.

   These reflective moments, especially in the middle of the book, show
   far more of Modiano’s later sparse style than was evident in La Place
   de l’Étoile, and it appears that a shift away from the more sarcastic,
   parodic writing is already underway.  However, these brief oases of
   calm are sandwiched between the deliberately confusing scenes back at
   the HQ (a requisitioned mansion), where drink, drugs, nudity and loud
   music are juxtaposed with the screams of tortured resistance fighters
   coming from the basement.  Just as in Modiano’s debut work, the reader
   is swept up in a dizzying, confusing world, one in which anything seems
   to go.  The major difference between The Night Watch and La Place de
   l’Étoile, though, is that this time the effect  is more fleeting, and
   we are given time to reflect on the characters’ behaviour – and for the
   original French readership, with memories of the war still fairly
   fresh, on their own.

   The Night Watch doesn’t quite run to 100 pages, but it’s an
   interesting, complex read, a novella showcasing a slight shift in the
   writer’s style, and another story holding a mirror up to his
   countrymen, asking them if they recognise themselves there.  Many will
   deny any resemblance, but some might have pause for thought, just like
   the unfortunate protagonist.  Much as he would like to claim a
   distinction between himself and the people he serves, they gently set
   him right:

   ‘I’m only too aware that all this might seem rather distasteful to a
   well-bred young man.  But…’ – his voice takes on a savage tone – ‘the
   fact that you find yourself among such disreputable souls tonight means
   that, despite that choirboy face of yours,’ (very tenderly) ‘we belong
   to the same world, Monsieur.’ (p.149)
   [46]Bloomsbury Australia, [47]France, [48]Patrick Modiano, [49]Review

[50]Introducing the 2016 MBIP Shadow Panel!

   [51]February 14, 2016February 14, 2016[52]Tony[53]15 Comments

   [54]MBIP 2016 With March drawing ever closer, those of you in the
   northern hemisphere are, no doubt, looking forward to warmer weather
   (while we in the south make the most of the last days of summer…).
   However, quite apart from the joys of spring/autumn, there’s a lot to
   look forward to over the coming months with the 2016 Man Booker
   International Prize, the first edition of the revamped prize taking
   over from the International Foreign Fiction Prize,  finally springing
   (!) into action.

   Last week, [55]I put forward a few suggestions as to what might be on
   the longlist, but this week it’s finally time to unveil a rather
   different list, namely the people who will be watching from the
   shadows, scrutinising the decisions of those on the real panel, and
   (most likely) frowning at their foolishness.  Ladies and gentlemen:
   here is your 2016 Shadow Panel!

   *****
   Stu Allen is returning to chair the first Man Booker International
   Prize shadow jury after hosting four shadow IFFP juries.  He blogs out
   of [56]Winstonsdad’s Blog, home to 500-plus translated books in review.
    He can be found on twitter (@stujallen), where he also started the
   successful translated fiction hashtag #TranslationThurs over five years
   ago.

   Tony Malone is an Anglo-Australian reviewer with a particular focus on
   German, Japanese and Korean fiction.  He blogs at [57]Tony’s Reading
   List, and his reviews have also appeared at Words Without Borders,
   Necessary Fiction and Shiny New Books.  Based in Melbourne, he teaches
   ESL to prospective university students when he’s not reading and
   reviewing.  He can also be found on Twitter @tony_malone

   Clare started blogging at [58]A Little Blog of Books four years ago.
   When she’s not doing her day job in London, she blogs mostly about
   contemporary literary fiction and particularly enjoys reading books by
   French and Japanese authors. Twitter: @littleblogbooks

   Tony Messenger is addicted to lists, and books – put the two together
   (especially translated works) and the bookshelves sigh under the weight
   of new purchases as the “to be read” piles grow and the voracious
   all-night reading continues. Another Tony from Melbourne Australia,
   @Messy_tony (his Twitter handle) may sometimes be mistaken for the more
   famous Malone Tony but rest assured they’re two different people. Messy
   Tony can be found at [59]Messengers Booker (and more) and at
   Messenger’s Booker on Facebook – with a blog containing the word
   “booker” why wouldn’t he read this list?

   Lori Feathers lives in Dallas, Texas, and is a freelance book critic
   and member of the National Book Critics Circle.  Her recent reviews can
   be found at Words Without Borders, Full Stop, World Literature Today,
   Three Percent, Rain Taxi and on Twitter @LoriFeathers

   Bellezza is a blogger from Chicago, Illinois, who has been writing
   [60]Dolce Bellezza for ten years. She has run the Japanese Literature
   Challenge for 9 years, and her reviews can be found on publisher sites
   such as Penguin Random House, Simon and Schuster, Peirene Press, and
   SoHo Press. It is her great joy to participate in the shadow jury for
   the Man Booker International Prize with fellow participants who are
   experts in translated literature.

   David Hebblethwaite is a book blogger and reviewer from the north of
   England, now based in the south. He has written about translated
   fiction for Words Without Borders, Shiny New Books, Strange Horizons,
   and We Love This Book. He blogs at [61]David’s Book World and tweets as
   @David_Heb.

   Grant Rintoul is a Scottish reviewer who lives on the coast not far
   from the 39 steps said to have inspired Buchan’s novel. Luckily the
   weather is generally ideal for reading. He blogs at [62]1streading,
   so-called as he rarely has time to look at anything twice. He can
   sometimes be found on Twitter @GrantRintoul

   *****
   So, having introduced the brave souls who will be shadowing the real
   judges, all that remains is to see what books we’ll be reading.  The
   longlist announcement is only a few weeks away now – and then the fun
   and games can really begin!
   [63]Man Booker International Prize 2016

[64]‘The Sound of Waves’ by Yukio Mishima (Review)

   [65]February 12, 2016February 12, 2016[66]Tony[67]11 Comments

   [68]IMG_5390 One of the things I like about my January in Japan reading
   (extended into February…) is the opportunity to get to books which have
   been languishing on the shelves for a while, and today’s choice has
   been kicking around for far too long.  Over the first few years of the
   blog, I read several works by [69]Yukio Mishima (including all four
   parts of [70]The Sea of Fertility series), which makes it surprising
   that I never quite found the time to get around to the last one of his
   I bought.  On that note, then, it’s time to head off to Japan’s Pacific
   coast for a short island holiday, and a meeting with a couple of
   star-crossed lovers – I wonder if it’ll end well…

   *****
   The Sound of Waves (translated by Meredith Weatherby, published by
   Vintage Books) takes us to the small island of Uta-jima, just off the
   Japanese mainland.  The hero of the tale is Shinji who, after the death
   of his fisherman father, has become the breadwinner for his family (his
   mother and younger brother, Hiroshi).  One day, while walking along the
   beach, he sees an unfamiliar face, a rarity on the small island:

   The boy could not remember ever having seen this girl before.  There
   should not have been a single face on Uta-jima that he could not
   recognize.  At first glance he took her for an outsider.  But still,
   the girl’s dress was not that of outsiders.  Only in the way she stood
   apart, gazing at the sea, did she differ from the vivacious island
   girls.
   p.8 (Vintage Classics, 2000)

   While it’s not love at first sight, there’s certainly mutual
   attraction, and Shinji tries to find out more about her.

   It turns out that the girl’s name is Hatsue, and she’s the daughter of
   the wealthy Terukichi Miyata; having been adopted out, she has recently
   been brought back to the island after the untimely death of Miyata’s
   only son.  Shinji naturally falls for the beautiful young woman, but
   with the father wanting a well-off son-in-law to marry Hatsue and be
   adopted into the family, it’s unlikely that the young fisherman will be
   able to impress him.  Still, that’s not going to put off a determined
   suitor, and soon the whole island is aware of the burgeoning romance…

   If you’ve read a lot of Mishima’s work, The Sound of Waves may come as
   a surprise.  It’s a gentle-paced, soothing romance, a book I’d best
   describe as very unMishima-like – in fact, one Twitter comment (I will
   protect the user’s anonymity…) even called this his dullest book.
   Which seems a little unfair to me.  It’s true that there’s no real
   drama, and a distinct lack of blood, but if you scratch the surface,
   there’s a lot to like about the book.

   The main focus is, of course, on the romance, and we follow the young
   lovers along their path to happiness, witnessing their coincidental
   meetings, and the significance of the dropped envelope full of Shinji’s
   wages.  Eventually, the innocent flirtation leads to an unexpected
   encounter on a dark and stormy night, and a heated moment of
   temptation.  However, this is no steamy story; both products of a
   deeply traditional island culture, the pair are determined to go about
   things the right way lest they anger the gods.

   There are complications, naturally (it wouldn’t be much of a novel,
   otherwise), and one of these is the obvious gulf in status between
   them, one shown in many different ways:

   Shinji looked back.  The girl was standing there, laughing.
   “What is it?” he asked.
   “I’m dark too, but you – you’re practically black.”
   “What?”
   “You’ve really been burnt by the sun, you have.” (p.31)

   Whether it’s Shinji’s family background, appearance or lack of money,
   Hatsue’s father has no interest in allowing his daughter to follow her
   heart, instead opting for rich kid Yasuo Kawamoto.  Matters aren’t
   helped when Chiyoko, another returning local whose feelings for Shinji
   cripple her with jealousy, spreads rumours which cause trouble for the
   young lovers.  Throughout, there’s a sense that a closed community like
   Uta-jima needs order – and that people shouldn’t get above their
   station.

   If that was all there was to The Sound of Waves, then I’d agree that it
   wouldn’t make for much, but there is far more than this to enjoy.  For
   one thing, a major part of the appeal is the setting and the writer’s
   description of the island and the connection the locals have with it:

   The boy felt a consummate accord between himself and this opulence of
   nature that surrounded him.  He inhaled deeply, and it was as though a
   part of the unseen something that constitutes nature had permeated the
   core of his being.  He heard the sound of the waves striking the shore,
   and it was as though the surging of his young blood was keeping time
   with the movement of the sea’s great tides.  It was doubtless because
   nature itself satisfied his need that Shinji felt no particular lack of
   music in his everyday life. (pp.44/5)

   As the novel progresses, the annual cycle of the island is almost as
   prominent as the plot.  There are the women divers with their different
   tasks, the seasonal fishing, the driving rain and salt air.  On
   Uta-jima, the people are still controlled by the passing of time, not
   to mention the whims of the weather gods…

   Mishima also creates a sense of a tipping point.  The novel is set a
   few years after the end of World War Two, and while it’s often easy to
   forget this, relaxing in a timeless idyll, we’re eventually dragged
   back into the present by mentions of electricity, or the trams and
   movies Hiroshi sees on his trip to Kyoto.  Surprisingly, Mishima is
   actually fairly positive about progress, in his emphasis on modernity
   firmly behind Shinji’s battles against old money and traditional
   attitudes, with the sympathy of the reader also with the young man.

   Of course, despite this optimism for the future, with Mishima there’s
   always a sense of looking longingly over your shoulder at the past.
   The islanders are often described as being uninterested in what’s
   happening on the mainland, and many of the negative qualities displayed
   in the book are shown to have come from elsewhere (e.g. Chiyoko’s
   jealousy, Yasuo’s laziness – and his leather jacket!).  Despite the
   advances in some areas, Uta-jima is painted to be an unspoiled idyll,
   with a population of noble and understanding people – which can be a
   little unrealistic at times ;)

   I’d agree that The Sound of Waves is not one of Mishima’s best books,
   but it’s still one I enjoyed, a nice look at traditional island culture
   in Japan.  Yes, it’s not really much more than Romeo and Juliet on a
   small island, but there’s nothing wrong with that.  If you’re fed up of
   complex, depressing reads and are looking for something a little
   lighter, this might make a nice change :)
   [71]January in Japan, [72]Japan, [73]Review, [74]Yukio Mishima

[75]‘Human Acts’ by Han Kang (Review)

   [76]February 10, 2016February 16, 2016[77]Tony[78]13 Comments

   [79]IMG_5393 At the beginning of 2015, [80]Han Kang was a fairly
   unknown Korean writer, with her first translation into English about to
   be published. Moving forward a year, [81]The Vegetarian is a huge
   success, appearing on many end-of-year lists, and with an American
   release imminent, the exposure is unlikely to go away soon (see, for
   example, [82]this recent interview in The Guardian). In fact, her star
   is likely to rise further with the release of her follow-up novel in
   the UK.  Just as well-written, and fascinating, as her first work in
   English, this one is slightly less whimsical and allegorical than its
   predecessor.  Sadly, it is also far more disturbing, a book which looks
   at human nature and what happens when it is put to the test.

   *****
   [83]Human Acts (translated by Deborah Smith, review copy courtesy of
   [84]Portobello Books) takes us to the Korean city of Gwangju in May
   1980 where, after a bloody government crackdown on a mass
   demonstration, the army has temporarily left the city. As civilian
   militias led by students and schoolboys draw up futile plans to defend
   their city from more carnage, people roam the streets looking for the
   missing and the dead. Dong-ho, a middle-school student, is searching
   for his friend Jeong-dae, having been unable to retrieve his friend’s
   body after he was gunned down in broad daylight. Despite his tender
   years, he ends up helping to organise the dead, taking down details and
   attaching numbers to the unidentified victims of the military’s
   cruelty.

   With the day drawing to a close, and the army’s return imminent, all
   those who care for him (high-school girl Eun-sook, university student
   Seon-ju, militia organiser Jin-su and Dong-ho’s poor mother) urge the
   young boy to go home before it is too late. Sadly, none of them succeed
   in making him leave, a decision which will see him cut down before his
   life has really begun. But that is merely one part of the story. As the
   novel progresses, we are told other sides of the tale, with Dong-ho’s
   (and Gwangju’s) fate elaborated upon by those who survived the horror –
   and some who didn’t…

   The Gwangju Uprising (or Massacre, depending on your viewpoint) is an
   incredible story, and one I had never even heard of a year or so ago, a
   fact I find hard to believe now. The incident is still controversial
   today, a modern, developed state at war with one of its own cities,
   ready to wipe it out rather than give in to what the government saw as
   leftist sedition. In basing her novel here, Han, a native of Gwangju
   who moved to Seoul as a child, uses the incident as the background to
   an astonishing, and confronting, introduction to the best and worst
   human nature has to offer. A tale in seven parts, it examines how
   people react in stressful times, and the effects these events have on
   their future.

   In her comments on the book, Han is firm in her belief that the novel,
   while using Gwangju as a base, is just as much about the way people in
   general behave, hence the choice of the title Human Acts for the
   translation. There are several examples of focusing on the human in us:
   Jeong-dae’s memories of his sister; the childhood games he played with
   Dong-ho; the heroism of students and workers in the city; and the way
   the pro-democracy movement lifted individuals above themselves:

   Those snapshot moments, when it seemed we’d all performed the miracle
   of stepping outside the shell of our own selves, one person’s tender
   skin coming into grazed contact with another, felt as though they were
   rethreading the sinews of that world heart, patching up the fissures
   from which blood had flowed, making it beat again. (p.122)

   In these heady moments, there is a feeling that the whole can truly be
   greater than the sum of its parts, a crowd of people working together
   to achieve great things.

   Sadly, though, this is just as true for the darker side of life, and
   Human Acts shows us all too well how people’s behaviour can also sicken
   and horrify. As people in Gwangju try to help the wounded, they are cut
   down by snipers. Children surrendering to government troops are gunned
   down in cold blood. Women and children are beaten mercilessly by
   soldiers, whose orders originate from the very highest levels of power:

   You never forgot the face of the plain-clothes policeman who had
   stamped on you. You never forgot that the government actively trained
   and supported the strike-breakers, that at the peak of this pyramid of
   violence stood President Park Chung-hee himself, an army general who
   has seized power through a military coup. (p.165)

   The casual beatings of women, using the excuse of their being red
   sympathisers to justify the behaviour, is unheard of in Korean culture.
   The women on the receiving end are almost more shocked by the assault
   on their status as young women as by the beatings themselves.

   Perhaps the most important aspect of Human Acts, though, is the
   aftermath of the intervention. After the initial scene setting up the
   return of the military to the city, and the poignant second section in
   which the callous treatment of the victim’s corpses is described by the
   soul of one of the dead, Han slowly moves us forward in time, inching
   year by year into the future, one which, for many of the characters,
   holds little hope of closure. We meet Eun-sook five years on,
   recovering from seven brutal slaps to the face for withholding
   information she doesn’t have. Another five years sees a prisoner
   telling the story of his torture in prison and his relationship with
   the unfortunate Jin-su. Fast forward to 2002, and Seon-ju has her turn
   at remembering the past, now isolated (mainly by choice) and
   documenting the slow deaths of others let down by Korean society.
   Finally, we arrive in 2010, where Dong-ho’s mother is still haunted by
   the past, never forgetting, never forgiving.

   These people, just as much as those who fell in the streets in May
   1980, are victims of the Gwangju massacre, shattered and broken, their
   lives destroyed. Emotionally they are withdrawn, their failed
   relationships the result of being unable to bear intimacy after the
   soldiers’ attacks on their bodies. Dreams of improving their lives by
   study are just that – with the universities controlled by the regime,
   many have no choice but to stay away. Some attempt to bury themselves
   in work, but these are jobs with no future. Blacklisted by the
   government, they are stuck in dead-end jobs, hounded from one place to
   the next. Their lives are connected by their shared experiences and
   trauma, yet their pain leaves them unable to touch each other, a
   situation foreshadowed, ironically enough, in the chapter with the
   souls. Each senses the other souls around them, unable to connect…

   As was the case with The Vegetarian, Deborah Smith has done an
   excellent job of sustaining the writer’s slightly withdrawn approach to
   an emotional subject, showing again that having a sympathetic
   translator with a skill for writing in English is more important than
   finding one who knows the source culture intimately. Smith also
   contributes a short introduction detailing the background and
   importance of the events of May 1980 as well as commenting on some of
   the translation issues. On rereading the book, I was able to pay closer
   attention to the translator’s treatment of the part featuring Dong-ho’s
   mother, in which the thick Gwangju dialect is rendered in a light,
   cheery Northern English accent (as I read it to myself, memories of my
   years living in Leeds helped me find her voice…). The obvious sympathy
   Smith has with Han and her story has helped in the development of the
   English version.

   Another small translation issue involves the title, and Smith again
   discusses this in [85]a short essay available at Asymptote.  The
   original Korean title was Sonyeon-i Onda, which could be literally
   translated as ‘the young boy is coming’, a clumsy and unfortunate
   expression in English. After rejecting several variations on this, the
   team working on the translation eventually settled on Human Acts, a
   title which brings out the importance of the human nature of the novel.
   However, the original title is also important. Over the course of the
   survivors’ accounts, Dong-ho gradually comes into focus, approaching us
   through the grief of the others. In the performance of a play that
   Eun-sook helped to publish, she hears the following lines:

    After you died I could not hold a funeral,
   And so my life became a funeral (p.105)

   Immediately she thinks of Dong-ho, and this appears to be the motto of
   all those who feel guilt at the boy’s death.

   Han is not the only writer, or even the first, to tackle the theme of
   Gwangju. [86]Ch’oe Yun’s novella [87]There a Petal Silently Falls takes
   a similar polyphonic approach, examining the fate of an unnamed girl
   from several viewpoints. [88]Hwang Sok-yong’s lengthy novel [89]The Old
   Garden focuses instead on a later period, with descriptions of prison
   life and the long-term effects on survivors. However, Han ties all
   these themes together, the seven parts of the novel working as a whole
   to tell the story of the massacre. They also slowly, piece by piece,
   complete the picture of Dong-ho (which, appropriately, is represented
   by the school photo the writer sees in the final section), while
   gradually constructing a fuller picture of the wider societal impacts.

   For Han, Human Acts is a rather personal work, and in the final part of
   the story, in which a writer returns to Gwangju, the line between
   fiction and real life is, at best, slightly blurred. In the best
   traditions of Korean (and Japanese) fiction, the writer expresses her
   own feelings through a literary alter-ego, one only slightly removed
   from the real thing. This return to Gwangju, taking place in 2013, is
   perhaps prompted by the recent rise to power of the new Korean
   President Park Geun-hye, the daughter of the dictator who initiated the
   series of crack-downs culminating in the Gwangju uprising.

   On the writer’s return, Gwangju is a very different city; many of the
   buildings are gone, the bullet holes have mostly disappeared, crime
   scenes have been painted over. However, the memories, the memories
   remain:

   There were soldiers who were especially cruel.
   When I first started poring over the documents, what had proved most
   incomprehensible was that this bloodshed had been committed again and
   again, and with no attempt to bring the perpetrators before the
   authorities. Acts of violence committed in broad daylight, without
   hesitation and without regret. Commanding officers who would have
   encouraged, no even demanded such displays of brutality. (p.214)

   These wounds are still fresh in the minds and hearts of the people of
   Gwanju, and Park’s election is tantamount to ripping the plasters off
   those wounds, callously poking cruel fingers between the stitches. Seen
   in that light, then, Han’s book is less an attempt to understand the
   past than a work of documentation. Whatever happens, however successful
   Korea becomes, the voice of the survivors of Gwangju will always be
   heard – we will not forget…
   [90]Han Kang, [91]Portobello Books, [92]Review, [93]South Korea

[94]‘August, October’ by Andrés Barba / ‘The Same City’ by Luisgé
Martín (Review)

   [95]February 9, 2016February 8, 2016[96]Tony[97]2 Comments

   [98]IMG_5387 [99]Hispabooks, a Madrid-based press specialising in
   translations of literary fiction from the four official languages of
   Spain, has been around for a few years now and has introduced several
   interesting Spanish writers to Anglophone readers.  However, as
   important as breadth is, depth is also necessary, which is why I was
   pleased to see two writers whose work I enjoyed, [100]Andrés Barba and
   [101]Luisgé Martín featured for a second time in the Hispabooks
   catalogue.  Having received review copies of both, I thought it would
   be nice to look at them together, even if they’re (longish) novellas
   with very different settings and themes – let’s see which one I liked
   better :)

   *****
   Luisgé Martín’s [102]The Same City (translated by Tomasz Dukanovich)
   has the writer recounting the story of Brandon Moy, an American poet he
   used to know.  A man of the world, the American has lived in several
   countries, done a lot of crazy things and slept with dozens of women
   along the way – which makes it difficult for the writer to believe Moy
   when he adds one more detail to the story.  Apparently, the catalyst
   for all this was the attacks on the World Trade Center – when Moy (in
   truth a lawyer) realised that everyone thought he was at work in one of
   the buildings, he decided to take the opportunity to run away in search
   of an elusive freedom he thought had gone forever.

   With his last doubts decided by the failure of the call to his wife to
   go through, Moy leaves New[103] IMG_5388 York to start a new life,
   deciding to pursue all the interests he was forced to give up once his
   wife, family and work came along.  Starting from the bottom, he manages
   to create a different life for himself from scratch, living in a way he
   could previously only have dreamed of.  However, a sense of doubt
   lingers, eventually clouding over his happiness, a feeling which is
   crystallised in a poem by Constantine Cavafy which he is introduced to
   by one of new lovers:

   You won’t find a new country, won’t find another shore.
   This city will always pursue you.
   p.79 (Hispabooks, 2015)

   Sadly, in his pursuit of lost ambitions, the realisation comes too
   late; the truth is that he was probably happy where he was.

   The Same City is an interesting slant on the mid-life crisis (indeed
   this idea crops up on the first page), one where the reader vicariously
   experiences the thrill of leaving everything behind.  The writer
   telling the story is, like the reader, half in awe of Moy and half
   shocked by his ability to shake off the dust of his old life, but
   Martín’s account of the American’s experiences, including how he begins
   to lie, cheat, steal and sleep around, pulls no punches.  Gradually, we
   see that no matter how free Moy feels, in truth, the grass is rarely
   greener elsewhere, no matter how jaded you’ve become.  Wherever you run
   to in search of new experiences, you’ll end up in the same city you
   left.

   There’s a lot to like about The Same City, but I’d have to say that I
   preferred his last book in English, [104]Woman in Darkness, much more.
   The main issue I had with it was that it dragged a little in places,
   and while the repetitive nature of Moy’s actions may have been intended
   to emphasise how he repeatedly becomes trapped by his life, it also had
   me wanting to skip ahead at times.  I think this is because The Same
   City is a short story which has been extended beyond its limits; I
   suspect that the same tale could have been told, and just as well, in
   thirty to forty pages.  It’s certainly interesting, but you do wonder
   if it needs to be as long as it is.

   *****
   [105]IMG_5389 However, that’s certainly not the case for the second of
   today’s books, Andrés Barba’s [106]August, October (translated by Lisa
   Dillman).  [107]Rain Over Madrid featured four extended stories, and
   this second work in English pushes the range a little further, with a
   two-part novella running to almost 150 pages.  The story looks at a
   fourteen-year-old Spanish boy on the annual family holiday to the
   coastal town where his aunt lives.  Where previous years were full of
   fun and sun, puberty has wrought changes upon Tomás, and this August is
   to be very different from those of the past.

   August, October is a book I enjoyed greatly, recognisably by the writer
   of Rain Over Madrid, but with a slightly harder, grittier feel.  Tomás
   has entered a difficult period in his life, and everything seems old
   and faded, leaving him empty and unable to enjoy himself as he used
   to.  Even the annual visit to the fair has lost its appeal:

   The first fair, though, the one from the early days, seemed to have
   been switched off, and it was no longer a luminous highway but a thinly
   lit stream, slightly asphyxiating – the charcoal-grilled seafood had a
   burned smell, and its thick smoke was off-putting…
   p.53 (Hispabooks, 2015)

   When you add to this teenage angst the discovery that his aunt is
   terminally ill, it’s no wonder that he is about to go off the rails.

   The twist in the tale comes when he falls in with a group of local
   youths, boys he’d never normally hang around with, and comes into the
   orbit of their female equivalents, more sexually aware and forthright
   than the girls Tomás is accustomed to.  Mix in some drink, drugs and
   sexual frustration, and the scene is set for a dramatic end to his
   holiday, a rather disturbing encounter which leaves him guilt-ridden
   and desperate.  Haunted by the memory of what happened even back in the
   comfort of his own home, it’s inevitable that he’ll return to the coast
   to try to make things right.

   Portraying Tomás in a sympathetic manner is no easy task, but Barba
   manages it, thanks in part in this version to Dillman, whose
   translation reads beautifully, capturing the swing between the
   melancholy lows and the tension-filled highs of the teenager’s
   experiences.  In places, August, October even reminded me a little of
   [108]Camus’ The Stranger; quite apart from the nihilistic air pervading
   many parts of the novel, there’s a tense first encounter with the local
   youths on the beach, a slow walk under a burning sun.  Throw in the
   rather abrupt ending to the first part of the story, and you could
   almost be in North Africa…

   However, unlike Camus, Barba is here to redeem his ‘hero’, not bury
   him, and the second part of August, October moves towards a happier
   climax.  Tomás’ quest for absolution turns into a voyage of discovery
   as he learns a little more about himself and questions what he wants
   from life.  The themes, and the narrative arc, make this a
   Bildungsroman, even verging on YA at times, but there’s a lot more to
   the story than this.  Where The Same City unfortunately outstayed its
   welcome a little, August, October ends at just the right spot, allowing
   the reader to imagine its hero at a crossroads.  Whichever path he
   takes, though, we sense that he’ll be moving in the right direction.
   [109]Andrés Barba, [110]Hispabooks, [111]Luisgé Martín, [112]Review,
   [113]Spain

[114]Man Booker International Prize 2016 – Predictions

   [115]February 7, 2016February 8, 2016[116]Tony[117]11 Comments

   [118]MBIP 2016 The Independent Foreign Fiction Prize is dead – long
   live the Man Booker International Prize!  Well, that’s what the
   organisers of the new prize would have us think, anyway.  Those of us
   who followed the old prize might not be quite so gung-ho about the
   change, but it’s almost time to see how the brave new world of British
   literary translation prizes unfolds.  The schedule for the 2016 edition
   is as follows:

   10 March 2016 – Longlist Announcement
   14 April 2016 – Shortlist Announcement
   16 May 2016 – Winner Announcement

   While it may be the start of a new era, Boyd Tonkin is still on board
   as one of the judges, and a selection of the usual blogging suspects
   will also be back to shadow the prize and keep the ‘real’ judges honest
   (more about that in the weeks to come).  But just what will we be
   reading?  Well, today I’ll share a few thoughts on what might be on the
   list next month (all links to my reviews, where applicable), and as
   you’ll quickly notice, I’ve come up with a rather long list of
   possibles.  It seems to have been a pretty good year in the world of
   fiction in translation…
   (Note: post amended 8/2/16 – I now realise that not all Scribe
   Australia titles appear through Scribe UK…)

   *****
   [119]'The Vegetarian' by Han Kang (Review) Where literary prizes are
   concerned, any talk of certainties is tantamount to tempting fate, yet
   there are some books I’d be surprised not to see on the list.  Han
   Kang’s [120]The Vegetarian (translated by Deborah Smith) has received
   huge amounts of praise since its release, and the amount of publicity
   given to Kamel Daoud’s [121]The Meursault Investigation (tr. John
   Cullen) and Fiston Mwanza Mujila’s [122]Tram 83 (tr. Roland Glasser)
   makes me think they’ll be included.  Another probable contender is
   [123]Seiobo There Below (tr. Ottilie Mulzet) as László Krasznahorkai’s
   novel has already tasted success in the shape of the Best Translated
   Book Award for its US edition.

   [124]IMG_5236 Seiobo… isn’t the only book which crossed the pond last
   year, and several others have a good chance of making the cut.  [125]In
   the Night of Time (tr. Edith Grossman), Antonio Muñoz Molina’s
   expansive novel set during the Spanish Civil War, has impressed those
   who have chosen to tackle it, and while Mathias Énard‘s [126]Street of
   Thieves (tr. Charlotte Mandell) didn’t quite live up to the sublime
   [127]Zone, it’s still an excellent read.  Then there’s Alejandro
   Zambra’s short-story collection [128]My Documents (tr. Megan McDowell),
   a book which had me hunting down all of the Chilean writer’s work
   translated so far :)

   Last year I reviewed several books for Scribe Publications, an
   Australian press with a UK [129]IMG_5234 presence, and I can see a few
   with a chance of being longlisted (although not all of them were
   published by Scribe in the UK!).  Hwang Sok-yong’s [130]Princess Bari
   (tr. Sora Kim-Russell, published by Periscope Books) would add some
   much-needed geographical variety to the list, as would Brazilian writer
   Tatiana Salem Levy’s [131]The House in Smyrna (tr. Alison Entrekin).  A
   more likely candidate, though, might be Tommy Wieringa, and his most
   recent novel, [132]These are the Names (tr. Sam Garrett), is an outside
   chance.  And let’s not forget former IFFP winner Gerbrand Bakker, whose
   novel [133]June (tr. David Colmer, released by Harvill Secker in the
   UK), while not one of my favourites last year, may well catch the eye
   of the judges.

   [134]IMG_5168 That’s already a solid set of contenders, but there are a
   lot more books with a chance of being chosen for the longlist.  Jón
   Kalman Stefánsson’s [135]The Sorrow of Angels took out our Shadow IFFP
   in 2014, and [136]The Heart of Man (tr. Philip Roughton), the last book
   in his trilogy, must be in contention this year.  Elena Ferrante hasn’t
   had any luck in the UK so far, but the last book in her series of
   Neapolitan novels, [137]The Story of the Lost Child (tr. Ann
   Goldstein), might see that situation change.  Of course, that other
   serial offender, Karl Ove Knausgaard, has another eligible book,
   [138]Dancing in the Dark (tr. Don Bartlett) – it isn’t one I’d pick,
   but you never know…

   Then, there are some real heavyweight names who can’t be ignored.  On
   the back of Patrick [139]IMG_5384 Modiano’s Nobel Prize win, any one of
   the new releases might make the grade (your guess is as good as mine
   when it comes to which one…), as could fellow laureate Kenzaburō Ōe‘s
   [140]Death by Water (tr. Deborah Boliver Boehm) or Orhan Pamuk’s A
   Strangeness in my Mind (tr. Ekin Oklap).  Two writers who haven’t won
   the Nobel Prize despite being highly fancied are Haruki Murakami and
   Umberto Eco, and Wind/Pinball, the new translation (by Ted Goossen) of
   Murakami’s early novellas, and Numero Zero (tr. Richard Dixon) are also
   possible longlisters.

   [141]IMG_5347 Wait – that’s not all…  You see, for the 2016 prize
   there’s an extended eligibility period, from the 1st of January, 2015,
   to the 30th of April, 2016 (from 2017, the eligibility period will run
   from May to April).  This means that several recent releases will be
   eligible, assuming they were submitted.  The best example of this is
   Human Acts (tr. Deborah Smith), with Han Kang’s latest book in English
   possibly vying for a spot on the longlist with her previous novel.  It
   also means that the longlist may contain books which haven’t even been
   published yet, such as Judith Hermann’s [142]Where Love Begins (tr.
   Margaret Bettauer Dembo) or Javier Marías’ latest novel Thus Bad Begins
   (tr. Margaret Jull Costa)…

   That’s an impressive pool of books to work from, yet I realise that I
   haven’t even considered works from small presses like Peirene Press,
   And Other Stories, Pushkin Press or Istros Books.  Surely one or two of
   those will have something in contention.  Which all means that there’s
   only one thing I can predict with any certainty – whatever twelve I
   decide to pick, the real list will undoubtedly be very, very different
   ;)
   [143]Man Booker International Prize 2016

[144]‘Tokyo Decadence’ by Ryu Murakami (Review)

   [145]February 4, 2016February 3, 2016[146]Tony[147]4 Comments

   [148]IMG_5386 Over the past few years, especially during my January in
   Japan events, I’ve read and reviewed several books by small publisher
   [149]Kurodahan Press, who have even been kind enough to offer prizes on
   occasion.  They’ve published books by the likes of [150]Osamu Dazai and
   [151]Teru Miyamoto, but in March they have a book coming out from
   perhaps their biggest-name author yet, one who will be familiar to many
   of you out there with an interest in J-Lit.  While it might be a
   stretch to suggest it’s going to be a best-seller, I do think that it’s
   a book with a wider appeal than most – let me tell you more :)

   *****
   [152]Ryū Murakami has had several novels translated into English (e.g.
   [153]Almost Transparent Blue, [154]Coin Locker Babies and [155]From the
   Fatherland, With Love), but he’s also written several collections of
   short stories, of which only a few scattered examples have been sighted
   in magazines and online journals.  Thankfully, Ralph McCarthy, who
   translated (along with several other Murakami books) most of them,
   pitched an idea of a kind of greatest hits collection to Kurodahan, and
   that’s how [156]Tokyo Decadence – 15 Stories by Ryū Murakami came
   about.  The book contains (obviously) fifteen examples of Murakami’s
   short fiction, taken from five different books spanning nearly twenty
   years of his writing career, a selection showcasing all aspects of the
   writer’s inimitable style.

   The first story, ‘Whenever I Sit at a Bar Drinking Like This’, eases us
   gently into the collection, a fun introduction to some of the darker
   tales to come:

   Whenever I sit at a bar drinking like this, I’m reminded what a sacred
   profession bartending is.  The bartender, with the mirrored shelves of
   many-colored bottles behind him, moves methodically about in his
   stained-glass vestibule, like a priest performing a rite.  Pouring the
   libations into various glasses, he listens with a reverent, sympathetic
   smile as the congregants recite their woes.
   ‘Whenever I sit at a Bar Drinking Like This’, p.3 (Kurodahan Press,
   2016)

   Of course, despite this heavenly vision, in Murakami’s world there are
   far more sinners than saints, and this clever story of a man desperate
   for a favour drags us a little down this path.  Needing some help to
   get out of a sticky situation, he trades promises and favours until
   luck smiles on him, as it usually does.

   This story comes from a collection entitled Run, Takahashi!, where all
   the stories are linked by this refrain, aimed at Hiroshima Carp
   baseball player Yoshihiko Takahashi.  In the first story, Takahashi
   appears in person, but the other stories here have a less personal
   connection with the player.  Two see their protagonists (the first a
   famous author, the second a cross-dressing single dad) head off to the
   stadium while ‘Each Time I Read Your Confession’ has the baseball
   action on television in the background – where Takahashi’s attempts at
   stealing bases provide the backdrop to some rather gruesome action…

   While the first four stories are noticeable for their light touch, the
   second featured collection, Topaz, is far darker.  Tokyo Decadence
   contains three pieces from this book, all featuring call girls.
   ‘Topaz’ is a melancholy tale detailing a prostitute’s sad life, taking
   us through a day in the life of a woman going nowhere, while ‘Lullaby’
   has the main character looking for an old flame and closure after years
   of regret.

   ‘Penlight’ starts off in a far lighter tone, as a woman with an inner
   voice (called Kiyomi!) blunders chaotically from one sexual encounter
   to another.  A coincidental meeting with a nice man who wants to help
   seems to offer a change from the woman’s depressing life, so why does
   Kiyomi suddenly fear him so much?  Never fear, gentle reader – all will
   be revealed, in an ending with a very R. Murakami twist ;)

   The next collection, Ryū‘s Cinematheque, is slightly different in tone,
   with a first-person protagonist reminiscent of the hero of Murakami’s
   coming-of-age novel [157]Sixty-Nine.  A young man arrives in Tokyo from
   the Japanese Deep South, and ‘The Last Picture Show’ sees the start of
   his corruption as he helps a Yakuza neighbour with some rather dubious
   drug deals.  ‘The Wild Angels’ then showcases his descent into
   debauchery, with scenes of orgies, drugs and randy GIs which could have
   come straight from Almost Transparent Blue.  In ‘La Dolce Vita’, we see
   our young friend come out of the other side of this storm as he returns
   to a more ‘normal life’ at university (a story à la Haruki rather than
   Ryū!).

   Swans takes us in a different direction again as, the title story aside
   (which features a random lesbian encounter at a Dutch-themed amusement
   park…), the common thread to the stories is a woman called Mieko.  The
   three remaining stories are all narrated by men who become involved
   with the rather unhappy woman.  The best of these is, perhaps, the
   first, ‘Historia de un Amor’, in which a young waiter connects with her
   over a shared passion for Cuban dance and music, and a rejection of
   conventional Japanese society:

   This society is steeped in the notion that we have everything we need.
   I know, because I was steeped in it too until I met Jun’ichi.  The sad
   part is that people don’t like it when you begin to realize that
   something important is missing.  You can end up being ostracized, or
   even persecuted, like witches in the Middle Ages.
   ‘Historia de un Amor’, p.192

   The meeting represents a chance of happiness for the unfortunate Mieko
   – the question is whether she’ll find the strength to take it.

   The selection is rounded off by ‘At the Airport’, from the collection
   of the same name, where a woman (yet another prostitute) is waiting at
   the airport for her main client to take her on a trip to Hokkaido.  As
   people come and go, she stands reflecting on her life, lamenting the
   obstacles in the way of her dreams:

   I’m a high-school graduate, thirty-three years old, divorced, raising a
   four-year-old child, and I work in the sex trade.  These facts define
   who I am and limit my freedom and possibilities.
   ‘At the Airport’, p.262

   The man she’s waiting for takes a different view, though, and if things
   go well, it might just be possible to follow her dreams anyway.  This
   is a bitter-sweet tale, and a nice way to end the book.

   While publishing a best-of collection is an interesting idea, it would
   have been nice to see the rest of the stories, in particular, the
   thematically-linked pieces of Run, Takahashi! and Swans.  Perhaps,
   though, it’s better this way as some of the stories (particularly those
   from Topaz) did seem a little similar, which may have got a little old
   very quickly.  This approach also allows us to see Murakami at
   different stages of career, showing us his development as a writer and
   the change in focus over the years.

   In short, Tokyo Decadence is an entertaining set of stories, well worth
   seeking out for all J-Lit lovers (and a must for any Ryū fans out
   there), and if that sounds like your kind of thing, you should check
   out Kurodahan’s site for more.  They have a good range of books over a
   number of genres (e.g. Speculative Fiction and Thrillers), so there’s a
   good chance you’ll find something that appeals :)
   [158]January in Japan, [159]Japan, [160]Kurodahan Press, [161]Review,
   [162]Ryu Murakami

[163]‘Your Face Tomorrow 3 – Poison, Shadow and Farewell’ by Javier
Marías (Review)

   [164]February 1, 2016January 31, 2016[165]Tony[166]9 Comments

   [167]IMG_5385 As regular readers will know, a major part of my reading
   over the past couple of months has been devoted to [168]Javier Marías
   and his [169]Your Face Tomorrow trilogy.  The first part was a slow,
   measured build up, with the intriguing (and occasionally violent)
   middle section ramping up the tension.  So, with the third part
   bringing the 1400-page epic to a close, does Marías manage to finish
   off the story in style?  What do you think? ;)

   Warning – if you don’t want to find out about what happened in the
   first two books, stop reading now :)

   *****
   Poison, Shadow and Farewell (translated by Margaret Jull Costa,
   published by Chatto & Windus) begins with our Spanish friend Jacques
   Deza being driven to the house of his boss, the enigmatic Bertram
   Tupra.  The two arrive in darkness, proceeding to continue their
   conversation over drinks… and then, abruptly, we are taken back to
   Jacques’ flat (to the point at which we left it at the end of Part
   1!).  Taking up Deza’s interrupted conversation with Pérez Nuix, we
   learn of the story behind her request, and a whole lot more besides.

   By the time we return to Tupra’s house, where the two men settle down
   to watch a rather disturbing DVD, the direction of the rest of the book
   is gradually becoming clearer, and Jacques’ eventual return to Spain
   feels like a culmination of the events depicted so far.  After pages of
   musings on the theory of violence, and then a rather unexpected
   practical demonstration, the time has come for the apprentice to put
   what he has learned into practice – if he can bring himself to do it.
   For the question that pervades the book comes into focus during this
   visit to Madrid, with Deza having to decide whether, if we are provoked
   enough, the end always justifies the means…

   Poison, Shadow and Farewell is an excellent way to end the series, a
   dismount with a double-tuck and triple-pike effortlessly nailed.  At
   around 550 pages, it’s far longer than the first two parts, but
   gripping from start to finish, providing ample pay-off for all the hard
   work the reader and writer have put in.  Marías (with the help of
   Tupra) slowly undermines our beliefs, making us question our certainty
   as to the way the world works, guiding us towards the eventual
   showdown.

   The overriding theme of the book is violence, and after the scene in
   the nightclub toilets, Deza’s horror is scarcely contained.  He
   condemns Tupra’s actions, spluttering that you can’t just go around
   beating people up, but his boss has a surprise in store.  After showing
   Deza the DVD, one full of the horrendous depths of human nature, Tupra
   turns the Spaniard’s disgust back on to him:

   “You’ve had plenty of time to think about it, so answer the question I
   asked you in the car.  Now that you’ve seen things you’d never seen
   before and, I hope, never will again.  Tell me now, why, according to
   you, one can’t go around beating people up and killing them?  You’ve
   seen how much of it goes on, everywhere, and sometimes with an utter
   lack of concern.  So explain to me why one can’t.”
   p.166 (Chatto & Windus, 2009)

   As hard as Deza tries, a convincing answer remains elusive.  Perhaps
   the truth is that there is nothing to stop us maiming and killing at
   will after all…

   This revelation marks a turning point in Deza’s life, and it’s time for
   him to decide whether this new life is, as he claims, just a
   ‘parenthesis’ or his true calling.  This will be decided  on his return
   to Madrid when many of the earlier ideas are finally drawn together
   (his dreams, his memories of Luisa, even his neighbour) in the form of
   a potential danger to his estranged wife:

   That was something I had learned from Tupra, at least in theory: Luisa
   was clearly in danger, and now I understood that sometimes one has no
   option but to do what has to be done and at once, without waiting or
   hesitating or delaying… (p.276)

   The scene is set, the players in place – now is the time to act,
   swiftly and mercilessly, no lingering, no delay.

   There are few works I’ve read which are as skilfully constructed as
   Your Face Tomorrow, a book with scarcely a word in the wrong place.
   Every passing mention, every little idea is woven into the fabric of
   the novel, all serving a greater purpose, with minor details recurring,
   gently jogging our memory.  As suspected, even the drop of blood
   mentioned in the first part has a much deeper significance than we
   could have imagined (on many levels), not least because, as you might
   have suspected by now, yes, there will be blood – and lots of it.

   Blood is not something most readers will be comfortable with, and
   Marías discusses this in the comparisons of war and peace.  As Deza
   learns, it’s almost impossible to understand what is acceptable in one
   situation from the standpoint of the other.  The teachers here are the
   two old men of the novel, and while Jacques’ father draws on the
   Spanish Civil War, retired spy Peter Wheeler finally lets Deza in on
   some of the secrets he’s been keeping regarding his actions during
   World War Two:

   “Don’t forget, Jacobo, the Second World War felt like a battle for
   survival.  And it was, it really was.  And in wars like that the limits
   on what one can acceptably do are constantly broadening out, almost
   without one realising it.  Times of peace judge times of war very
   harshly, and I’m not sure how far it’s possible to make such a
   judgement…” (p.480)

   Again, we are confronted with the dilemma of the ends justifying the
   means, one we are only too familiar with in our modern era.  Not sure
   about that?  Ever heard of waterboarding, rendition?

   As you will have gathered from my series of posts, I loved reading this
   book, a magnificent novel which builds on the writer’s previous work
   and extends it.  There are more Shakespearean echoes, naturally, with
   several themes repeated from [170]Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me
   and a plethora of  playful nods back to [171]All Souls.  What’s even
   better, though, is what happens when Deza returns to Madrid, as we
   unexpectedly stumble across several links to another of his earlier
   novels, [172]A Heart So White (be still my beating heart!).  I was
   tempted to race out to the library immediately and get a copy so that I
   could refresh my memory as to what Ranz and Custardoy got up to first
   time around.

   This is a book, a whole trilogy in fact, that I feel sad to be
   returning to the library, and I definitely want my own set one day (in
   preparation for the inevitable reread).  The copy I borrowed has a
   sticker on the spine, a picture of a pistol, because it’s a ‘spy
   novel’, you see, but in truth it’s something much more than that, an
   examination of the nature of violence, the horrors of war and of
   knowing our limits and those of others.  I highly recommend you make
   time in your schedule to lose yourself in it – if not today, then
   perhaps tomorrow…
   [173]Javier Marías, [174]Review, [175]Spain, [176]Your Face Tomorrow

[177]January 2016 Wrap-Up

   [178]January 30, 2016January 31, 2016[179]Tony[180]6 Comments

   The start of a new year is always an exciting time, a blank slate and
   an opportunity to change [181]January 2015 Wrap-Up your approach.  One
   example of this in January was (sadly) my minimalist approach to
   January in Japan, eschewing a big blogging event in favour of a weekly
   post (which will probably continue into February).  Even with my recent
   decision to actively limit the number of posts I wrote, though, there
   were still a good number of books read and reviews posted this month.
   Let’s check them out :)

   *****
   Total Books Read: 16
   Year-to-Date: 16

   New: 12
   Rereads: 4

   From the Shelves: 4
   Review Copies: 9
   From the Library: 2
   On the Kindle: 1 (0 review copies)

   Novels: 6
   Novellas: 3
   Short Stories: 3
   Non-Fiction: 4

   Non-English Language: 15 (6 Japanese, 5 Spanish, French, Italian,
   Afrikaans, Korean)
   In Original Language: 1 (Spanish)

   *****
   Books Reviewed in January were:
   [182]1) The Old Garden by Hwang Sok-yong
   [183]2) Goodbye Tsugumi by Banana Yoshimoto
   [184]3) Your Face Tomorrow 2: Dance and Dream by Javier Marías
   [185]4) Reading the Tale of Genji by Thomas Harper and Haruo Shirane
   (eds.)
   [186]5) Meet at the Ark at Eight! by Ulrich Hub
   [187]6) The Swan Whisperer by Marlene Van Niekerk
   [188]7) Translator’s Blues by Franco Nasi
   [189]8) Ground Zero, Nagasaki by Yūichi Seirai
   [190]9) Cómo viajar sin ver (How to Travel Without Seeing) by Andrés
   Neuman
   [191]10) Death by Water by Kenzaburō Ōe

   Tony’s Turkey for January is: Nothing

   An excellent start to the new year, with a collection of entertaining,
   high-standard books :)

   Tony’s Recommendation for January is:
   Kenzaburō Ōe’s Death by Water

   It is January in Japan, of course, so it shouldn’t come as a surprise
   to see a Japanese book chosen, and I enjoyed all four of my J-Lit
   selections this month.  Marías was desperately unlucky to be overlooked
   (again…); perhaps he’ll have better luck next month when the final part
   of the trilogy is to be reviewed on the blog.  However, Ōe’s novel
   about a man thwarted in his ambition to write a late-career classic is,
   ironically, a late-career classic and a worthy recipient of my monthly
   award :)

   *****
   February looks like being more of the same.  I’ll be continuing to
   cover some Japanese books in my Thursday posts, with an assorted
   selection of other stuff in between.  Let’s see what catches my eye
   next month :)
   [192]Monthly
   [193]Previous Articles

Copyright

   All posts (unless otherwise stated) remain the property of Tony Malone.
   Anyone wishing to use all or part of one of my posts should seek
   permission before doing so.
   Search for: ____________________ Search
   [194]Follow Tony's Reading List on WordPress.com

   Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications
   of new posts by email.

   Join 1,962 other followers

   ____________________

   Follow

Previously, on Tony’s Reading List,…

     * [195]‘The Heredity of Taste’ by Natsume Sōseki (Review) February
       18, 2016
     * [196]‘The Night Watch’ by Patrick Modiano (Review) February 15,
       2016
     * [197]Introducing the 2016 MBIP Shadow Panel! February 14, 2016
     * [198]‘The Sound of Waves’ by Yukio Mishima (Review) February 12,
       2016
     * [199]‘Human Acts’ by Han Kang (Review) February 10, 2016

   My Tweets

Archives

   Archives [Select Month________]

Categories

     * [200]1Q84 (6)
     * [201]Aardvark Bureau (1)
     * [202]Adalbert Stifter (1)
     * [203]Adam Thirlwell (1)
     * [204]Aharon Appelfeld (1)
     * [205]Aki Ollikainen (1)
     * [206]Akira Yoshimura (1)
     * [207]Akiyuki Nosaka (1)
     * [208]Alain Mabanckou (2)
     * [209]Alain-Fournier (1)
     * [210]Alan Duff (1)
     * [211]Alan Hollinghurst (1)
     * [212]Albania (2)
     * [213]Albert Camus (2)
     * [214]Alejandro Zambra (3)
     * [215]Alessandro Marzo Magno (1)
     * [216]Alexander Pushkin (1)
     * [217]Alexis Wright (1)
     * [218]Alfred Döblin (1)
     * [219]Algeria (1)
     * [220]Alisa – Folge Deinem Herzen (2)
     * [221]Alisa Ganieva (1)
     * [222]Allen & Unwin (7)
     * [223]Alois Hotschnig (2)
     * [224]Amara Lakhous. Italy (1)
     * [225]America (21)
     * [226]Amos Oz (1)
     * [227]And Other Stories (10)
     * [228]András Kepes (1)
     * [229]Andrés Barba (2)
     * [230]Andrés Caicedo (1)
     * [231]Andrés Neuman (7)
     * [232]Andreï Makine (1)
     * [233]Andrei Bely (1)
     * [234]Andrej Longo (1)
     * [235]Andrew Marr (1)
     * [236]Andrew McGahan (2)
     * [237]Andrew O'Hagan (1)
     * [238]Andrey Kurkov (1)
     * [239]Andrzej Stasiuk (1)
     * [240]Angharad Price (1)
     * [241]Angus and Robertson Classics (2)
     * [242]Ann Sung-Hi Lee (1)
     * [243]Anna Funder (2)
     * [244]Anna Kim (1)
     * [245]Anna Seghers (1)
     * [246]Anne Brontë (1)
     * [247]Anne Garréta (1)
     * [248]Annette von Droste-Hülshoff (1)
     * [249]Annie M.G. Schmidt (1)
     * [250]Annual Awards (9)
     * [251]Annual Lists (7)
     * [252]Antal Szerb (1)
     * [253]Anthony Briggs (1)
     * [254]Anthony Trollope (19)
     * [255]Antonio Muñoz Molina (2)
     * [256]Antonio Skármeta (1)
     * [257]Arcadia Books (3)
     * [258]Archipelago Books (4)
     * [259]Argentina (19)
     * [260]Armadillo Central (1)
     * [261]Arnold Zable (3)
     * [262]Arnon Grunberg (1)
     * [263]Arthur Schnitzler (2)
     * [264]Arto Paasilinna (1)
     * [265]Arundhati Roy (1)
     * [266]Asia Publishers (5)
     * [267]Asko Sahlberg (1)
     * [268]Atef Abu Saif (1)
     * [269]Atlantic Books (1)
     * [270]Auður Ava Ólafsdóttir (2)
     * [271]Australia (46)
     * [272]Austria (16)
     * [273]À La Recherche du Temps Perdu (1)
     * [274]Ágúst Borgþór Sverrisson (1)
     * [275]Álvaro Bisama (1)
     * [276]Álvaro Colomer (1)
     * [277]Éric Faye (1)
     * [278]Bae Suah (1)
     * [279]Baek Sin-ae (1)
     * [280]Banana Yoshimoto (9)
     * [281]BBAW (6)
     * [282]BBAW 2011 (6)
     * [283]BCLT (1)
     * [284]Belgium (3)
     * [285]Ben Elton (1)
     * [286]Bernard Turle (1)
     * [287]Bernardo Atxaga (2)
     * [288]Birgit Vanderbeke (2)
     * [289]Bloomsbury Australia (2)
     * [290]Brazil (6)
     * [291]Brian Magee (1)
     * [292]Bruce and Ju-Chan Fulton (1)
     * [293]Bruce Fulton (1)
     * [294]BTBA 2015 (2)
     * [295]C.Y. Gopinath (1)
     * [296]Cahier Series (5)
     * [297]Can Xue (1)
     * [298]Canada (3)
     * [299]Carlos Busqued (1)
     * [300]Carlos Gamerro (1)
     * [301]Carmen Boullosa (1)
     * [302]Carrie Tiffany (2)
     * [303]Catalonia (1)
     * [304]César Aira (3)
     * [305]Cees Nooteboom (4)
     * [306]Ch'oe In-ho (1)
     * [307]Ch'oe Yun (2)
     * [308]Chae Man-sik (1)
     * [309]Challenges (6)
     * [310]Charles Dickens (6)
     * [311]Charles-Ferdinand Ramuz (1)
     * [312]Charlotte Bronte (1)
     * [313]Chile (7)
     * [314]China (12)
     * [315]Cho Chongnae (1)
     * [316]Cho Myung-hui (1)
     * [317]Cho Se-Hui (1)
     * [318]Chris Barnard (1)
     * [319]Christa Wolf (4)
     * [320]Christos Tsiolkas (4)
     * [321]Clarice Lispector (1)
     * [322]Clemens Meyer (1)
     * [323]Colas Gutman (1)
     * [324]Colombia (8)
     * [325]Columbia University Press (13)
     * [326]Comma Press (9)
     * [327]Conrad Ferdinand Meyer (1)
     * [328]Croatia (3)
     * [329]Czech Republic (13)
     * [330]D.H. Lawrence (1)
     * [331]Dag Solstad (1)
     * [332]Dalkey Archive (14)
     * [333]Dan Holloway (2)
     * [334]Daniel Kehlmann (1)
     * [335]Das Schloß (4)
     * [336]David Malouf (2)
     * [337]David Milnes (1)
     * [338]David Mitchell (6)
     * [339]Daša Drndić (1)
     * [340]Deep Vellum Press (6)
     * [341]Democratic Republic of Congo (1)
     * [342]Denmark (2)
     * [343]Der Kanon (16)
     * [344]Dewi Lestari (1)
     * [345]Diego Marani (2)
     * [346]Dirk Schümer (1)
     * [347]Donald Keene (1)
     * [348]Duncan Hewitt (1)
     * [349]E.L. Konigsburg (1)
     * [350]E.M. Forster (3)
     * [351]E.T.A. Hoffmann (1)
     * [352]Eça de Queiroz (1)
     * [353]Edith Grossman (1)
     * [354]Edith Wharton (3)
     * [355]Eduard von Keyserling (1)
     * [356]Eduardo Sacheri (1)
     * [357]Effi Briest (3)
     * [358]Eka Kurniawan (2)
     * [359]Eleanor Catton (1)
     * [360]Eleanor Dark (1)
     * [361]Elena Ferrante (6)
     * [362]Elias Khoury (1)
     * [363]Elizabeth Gaskell (2)
     * [364]Elizabeth Jolley (1)
     * [365]Elliot Perlman (3)
     * [366]Elvira Dones (1)
     * [367]Elvira Navarro (1)
     * [368]Emily Brontë (1)
     * [369]Emily's Reviews (12)
     * [370]England (92)
     * [371]Enrique Vila-Matas (2)
     * [372]Equatorial Guinea (1)
     * [373]Erich Kästner (3)
     * [374]Erich Maria Remarque (2)
     * [375]Ernst Haffner (1)
     * [376]Erwin Mortier (2)
     * [377]Esther Allen (1)
     * [378]Eugen Ruge (1)
     * [379]Euripides (1)
     * [380]Europa Editions (12)
     * [381]Eva Furnari (1)
     * [382]Evelio Rosero (1)
     * [383]Faroe Islands (1)
     * [384]Fflur Dafydd (1)
     * [385]Finland (8)
     * [386]Fiona Capp (1)
     * [387]Fiona McGregor (1)
     * [388]Fiona Robyn (1)
     * [389]Fiston Mwanza Mujila (1)
     * [390]Fitzcarraldo Editions (3)
     * [391]France (41)
     * [392]Franco Nasi (1)
     * [393]Franz Kafka (7)
     * [394]Friedrich Christian Delius (2)
     * [395]Friedrich Dürrenmatt (3)
     * [396]Friedrich Schiller (1)
     * [397]Frisch & Co. (4)
     * [398]Fumiko Enchi (1)
     * [399]Fusion Lit Bistro (3)
     * [400]Fyodor Dostoyevsky (4)
     * [401]Gabriel Garcia Marquez (2)
     * [402]Gallic Books (2)
     * [403]Gao Xingjian (3)
     * [404]Garry Jenkins (1)
     * [405]Gøhril Gabrielsen (1)
     * [406]Günter Grass (2)
     * [407]George Eliot (9)
     * [408]George Negus (1)
     * [409]Georges Simenon (1)
     * [410]Georgi Vladimov (1)
     * [411]Gerald Murnane (2)
     * [412]Gerbrand Bakker (3)
     * [413]Gerhart Hauptmann (1)
     * [414]German Literature Month (83)
     * [415]Germany (88)
     * [416]Glenda Crosling (1)
     * [417]Gottfried Keller (1)
     * [418]Granta (2)
     * [419]Greece (4)
     * [420]Guðrún Eva Mínervudóttir (1)
     * [421]Guest Post (2)
     * [422]Gyrðir Elíasson (1)
     * [423]Haïlji (1)
     * [424]Halldór Laxness (1)
     * [425]Hamid Ismailov (1)
     * [426]Han Kang (2)
     * [427]Hanna Krall (1)
     * [428]Hanne Ørstavik (1)
     * [429]Haruki Murakami (25)
     * [430]Haruo Shirane (1)
     * [431]Hassan Blassim (1)
     * [432]Héctor Abad (1)
     * [433]Heðin Brú (1)
     * [434]Heinrich Böll (8)
     * [435]Heinrich Heine (1)
     * [436]Heinrich Mann (3)
     * [437]Heinrich von Kleist (2)
     * [438]Helen Garner (2)
     * [439]Helen Humphreys (2)
     * [440]Helen Murphy (1)
     * [441]Henry James (2)
     * [442]Herman Melville (1)
     * [443]Herta Müller (1)
     * [444]Hesperus Press (2)
     * [445]Hiromi Kawakami (4)
     * [446]Hispabooks (9)
     * [447]Hitomi Kanehara (3)
     * [448]Homer (1)
     * [449]Honoré de Balzac (2)
     * [450]HopeRoad Publishing (1)
     * [451]Hubert Mingarelli (2)
     * [452]Hungary (11)
     * [453]Hwang Sok-yong (5)
     * [454]Hwang Sun-won (1)
     * [455]Hyun Jin-geon (1)
     * [456]Hyun Ki-young (1)
     * [457]Ian McEwan (5)
     * [458]Iceland (15)
     * [459]IFFP 2012 (19)
     * [460]IFFP 2013 (19)
     * [461]IFFP 2014 (20)
     * [462]IFFP 2015 (22)
     * [463]Imma Monsó (1)
     * [464]India (6)
     * [465]Indigenous Literature Week (2)
     * [466]Indonesia (7)
     * [467]Influences (2)
     * [468]Inga Ābele (1)
     * [469]Iosi Havilio (2)
     * [470]Iraq (2)
     * [471]Ireland (6)
     * [472]Ismail Kadare (1)
     * [473]Israel (3)
     * [474]Istros Books (2)
     * [475]Italy (18)
     * [476]Ivan Morris (1)
     * [477]James Joyce (3)
     * [478]Jan van Mersbergen (1)
     * [479]Jane Austen (3)
     * [480]Janet Frame (2)
     * [481]Jang Eun-jin (1)
     * [482]January in Japan (56)
     * [483]Japan (138)
     * [484]Javier Marías (7)
     * [485]Jay Rubin (2)
     * [486]Jáchym Topol (1)
     * [487]Jérôme Ferrari (1)
     * [488]Jón Kalman Stefánsson (3)
     * [489]Jean-Jacques Sempe (1)
     * [490]Jean-Marie Blas de Roblès (1)
     * [491]Jeffrey Greene (1)
     * [492]Jenny Erpenbeck (5)
     * [493]Jeremias Gotthelf (1)
     * [494]Jiří Hájíček (1)
     * [495]Jo Kyung-ran (1)
     * [496]Joaquín Pérez Azaústre (1)
     * [497]Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (3)
     * [498]Johanna Spyri (3)
     * [499]Jonas Jonasson (1)
     * [500]Jorge Luis Borges (3)
     * [501]José Carlos Llop (1)
     * [502]José Saramago (2)
     * [503]Joseph Conrad (1)
     * [504]Joseph Roth (2)
     * [505]Joseph von Eichendorff (1)
     * [506]Juan Gabriel Vásquez (1)
     * [507]Juan Pablo Villalobos (1)
     * [508]Juan Tomás Ávila Laurel (1)
     * [509]Judith Hermann (4)
     * [510]Judith Schalansky (1)
     * [511]Julia Franck (1)
     * [512]Julian Barnes (1)
     * [513]Jun'ichiro Tanizaki (5)
     * [514]Jung Mi-kyung (1)
     * [515]Jung Young-Moon (2)
     * [516]Jung-Myung Lee (1)
     * [517]K-Fiction Series (3)
     * [518]Kamel Daoud (1)
     * [519]Kang Kyung-ae (1)
     * [520]Karl Ove Knausgaard (6)
     * [521]Katherine Mansfield (3)
     * [522]Katie Slade (1)
     * [523]Kazuo Ishiguro (3)
     * [524]Kári Gíslason (1)
     * [525]Kenji Miyazawa (1)
     * [526]Kenji Nakagami (1)
     * [527]Kenzaburo Oe (4)
     * [528]Keri Hulme (1)
     * [529]Khaled Khalifa (1)
     * [530]Kim Chi-won (1)
     * [531]Kim Dong-in (1)
     * [532]Kim In-suk (1)
     * [533]Kim Joo-young (1)
     * [534]Kim Min-suk (1)
     * [535]Kim Na-cheon (1)
     * [536]Kim Sa-ryang (1)
     * [537]Kim Scott (1)
     * [538]Kim Won-il (1)
     * [539]Kim Young-ha (4)
     * [540]Kim Yu-jeong (1)
     * [541]Kobo Abe (2)
     * [542]Kong Chi-yong (1)
     * [543]Kong Son-ok (1)
     * [544]Kristín Ómarsdóttir (1)
     * [545]Kristina Carlson (1)
     * [546]Kuniko Mukoda (1)
     * [547]Kurodahan Press (5)
     * [548]Kyung-Sook Shin (3)
     * [549]Kyōkai (1)
     * [550]Larissa Behrendt (1)
     * [551]Latvia (1)
     * [552]Laurent Binet (2)
     * [553]László Krasznahorkai (4)
     * [554]Lebanon (1)
     * [555]Lee Hyo-seok (1)
     * [556]Lee Ki-ho (1)
     * [557]Leila S. Chudori (1)
     * [558]Lena Christ (1)
     * [559]Leo Tolstoy (3)
     * [560]Library of Korean Literature (12)
     * [561]Lily Yulianti Farid (1)
     * [562]Lloyd Jones (1)
     * [563]Lontar Foundation (2)
     * [564]Lorenzo Mediano (1)
     * [565]LTI Korea (2)
     * [566]Luciano De Crescenzo (1)
     * [567]Luisgé Martín (2)
     * [568]Ma Jian (2)
     * [569]Machi Tawara (1)
     * [570]MacLehose Press (19)
     * [571]Maike Wetzel (1)
     * [572]Man Booker International Prize 2016 (2)
     * [573]Manuel Rivas (1)
     * [574]María Dueñas (1)
     * [575]Marcel Aymé (1)
     * [576]Marcel Proust (1)
     * [577]Marcello Fois (1)
     * [578]Marcos Giralt Torrente (1)
     * [579]Margaret Oliphant (1)
     * [580]Maria Barbal (1)
     * [581]Marie NDiaye (2)
     * [582]Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach (2)
     * [583]Marija Knežević (1)
     * [584]Marinko Koščec (1)
     * [585]Mario Vargas Llosa (2)
     * [586]Marleigh Ryan (1)
     * [587]Marlene Van Niekerk (1)
     * [588]Mathias Énard (3)
     * [589]Matthias Politycki (2)
     * [590]Maureen Freely (1)
     * [591]Maurice Gee (1)
     * [592]Melbourne Writers Festival 2013 (4)
     * [593]Melbourne Writers Festival 2014 (2)
     * [594]Melbourne Writers Festival 2015 (2)
     * [595]Merethe Lindstrøm (1)
     * [596]Merwin Asia (1)
     * [597]Mexico (7)
     * [598]Michael Emmerich (1)
     * [599]Michel Déon (1)
     * [600]Michel Tournier (1)
     * [601]Michela Murgia (1)
     * [602]Mieko Kanai (1)
     * [603]Miguel de Cervantes (1)
     * [604]Miguel Syjuco (1)
     * [605]Mikael Niemi (1)
     * [606]Mike Gayle (1)
     * [607]Mikhail Shishkin (2)
     * [608]Miklós Bánffy (3)
     * [609]Milan Kundera (3)
     * [610]Milena Michiko Flašar (1)
     * [611]Miles Franklin (1)
     * [612]Minae Mizumura (2)
     * [613]Mircea Cărtărescu (1)
     * [614]Moldova (1)
     * [615]Monthly (56)
     * [616]Murasaki Shikibu (2)
     * [617]Music & Literature (1)
     * [618]My Struggle (4)
     * [619]Na Do-hyang (1)
     * [620]Nagai Kafu (2)
     * [621]Naja Marie Aidt (1)
     * [622]Natsume Soseki (12)
     * [623]Neapolitan Novels (4)
     * [624]Neil Gaiman (2)
     * [625]Netherlands (11)
     * [626]New Directions (7)
     * [627]New Vessel Press (4)
     * [628]New Zealand (8)
     * [629]Nick Earls (3)
     * [630]Nick Hornby (5)
     * [631]Nicolás Casariego (2)
     * [632]Nikolai Gogol (1)
     * [633]Norway (11)
     * [634]O Chong-hui (4)
     * [635]Ogai Mori (1)
     * [636]Oh Han-ki (1)
     * [637]Oleg Pavlov (1)
     * [638]Oleg Zaionchkovsky (1)
     * [639]Onesuch Press (1)
     * [640]Open Letter (6)
     * [641]Orhan Pamuk (2)
     * [642]Osamu Dazai (2)
     * [643]Other Press (10)
     * [644]Ouyang Yu (1)
     * [645]Ox and Pigeon (1)
     * [646]Paco Ignacio Taibo II (1)
     * [647]Palestine (1)
     * [648]Parallel Stories (2)
     * [649]Park Hyoung-su (1)
     * [650]Park Min-gyu (2)
     * [651]Park Wan-suh (2)
     * [652]Patrick Modiano (5)
     * [653]Patrick White (2)
     * [654]Paul Auster (1)
     * [655]Paul Griffiths (1)
     * [656]Paweł Huelle (1)
     * [657]Péter Nádas (2)
     * [658]Pedro Mairal (1)
     * [659]Peirene Press (18)
     * [660]Penguin (3)
     * [661]Per Petterson (1)
     * [662]Peru (2)
     * [663]Pete Davies (1)
     * [664]Peter Barry (1)
     * [665]Peter Carey (2)
     * [666]Peter Handke (1)
     * [667]Peter Owen Publishers (3)
     * [668]Peter Stamm (6)
     * [669]Philippe Claudel (1)
     * [670]Pia Juul (1)
     * [671]Pierre Gripari (1)
     * [672]Pitigtrilli (1)
     * [673]PM Press (3)
     * [674]Poland (6)
     * [675]Portobello Books (5)
     * [676]Portugal (3)
     * [677]Pramoedya Ananta Toer (1)
     * [678]Profile Books (1)
     * [679]Pushkin Children's Books (12)
     * [680]Pushkin Press (33)
     * [681]Rainer Maria Rilke (2)
     * [682]Random (70)
     * [683]Raymond Jean (1)
     * [684]Rene Goscinny (1)
     * [685]Republic of the Congo (2)
     * [686]Rereading July (4)
     * [687]Review (394)
     * [688]Richard Osborne (1)
     * [689]Richard Weihe (1)
     * [690]Robert Walser (1)
     * [691]Roberto Bolaño (2)
     * [692]Robin Lane Fox (1)
     * [693]Roddy Doyle (3)
     * [694]Rodrigo de Souza Leão (1)
     * [695]Rohinton Mistry (1)
     * [696]Romania (2)
     * [697]Rome (1)
     * [698]Royall Tyler (1)
     * [699]Russia (18)
     * [700]Ryu Murakami (6)
     * [701]Ryunosuke Akutagawa (1)
     * [702]Salman Rushdie (1)
     * [703]Santiago Gamboa (1)
     * [704]Sarah Moss (1)
     * [705]Sarah Waters (1)
     * [706]Sayed Kashua (1)
     * [707]Scotland (3)
     * [708]Scribe Publications (3)
     * [709]Sei Shōnagon (1)
     * [710]Serbia (1)
     * [711]Sergio Pitol (1)
     * [712]Seven Stories Press (3)
     * [713]Shimei Futabatei (1)
     * [714]Shusaku Endo (4)
     * [715]Sinon Antoon (1)
     * [716]Sjón (3)
     * [717]Small Stations Press (1)
     * [718]So Yong-un (1)
     * [719]Sofi Oksanen (1)
     * [720]Sophocles (1)
     * [721]South Africa (2)
     * [722]South Korea (53)
     * [723]Spain (29)
     * [724]Spanish Lit Month (14)
     * [725]Stefan Zweig (2)
     * [726]Stefanie de Velasco (1)
     * [727]Steve Sem-Sandberg (1)
     * [728]Steven Carroll (5)
     * [729]Stone Bridge Press (2)
     * [730]Stork Press (1)
     * [731]Suki Kim (1)
     * [732]Susan Bernofsky (1)
     * [733]Sweden (4)
     * [734]Switzerland (16)
     * [735]Sybille Lewitscharoff (1)
     * [736]Syria (1)
     * [737]Tadeusz Różewicz (1)
     * [738]Takehiko Fukunaga (1)
     * [739]Teju Cole (2)
     * [740]Telegram Books (4)
     * [741]Teru Miyamoto (2)
     * [742]Text Classics (3)
     * [743]Text Publishing (7)
     * [744]The Barchester Chronicles (6)
     * [745]The Carlingford Chronicles (1)
     * [746]The Glenroy Trilogy (1)
     * [747]The Grimm Brothers (1)
     * [748]The Melbourne Trilogy (3)
     * [749]The Palliser Novels (6)
     * [750]The Philipines (1)
     * [751]The Sea of Fertility Tetralogy (4)
     * [752]The Tale of Genji (2)
     * [753]The Transylvanian Trilogy (3)
     * [754]The Trilogy of the Rat (4)
     * [755]Thea Astley (1)
     * [756]Theodor Fontane (7)
     * [757]Theodor Storm (4)
     * [758]Thomas Bannerhed (1)
     * [759]Thomas Bernhard (3)
     * [760]Thomas Hardy (7)
     * [761]Thomas Harper (1)
     * [762]Thomas Mann (6)
     * [763]Tim Winton (4)
     * [764]Timur Vermes (1)
     * [765]Tom Keneally (2)
     * [766]Tomás González (1)
     * [767]Tommy Wieringa (1)
     * [768]Tomoyuki Hoshino (3)
     * [769]Toni Marques (1)
     * [770]Tony Parsons (1)
     * [771]Tove Jansson (3)
     * [772]Trinidad and Tobago (4)
     * [773]Tristan Garcia (1)
     * [774]Turkey (2)
     * [775]Two Lines Press (3)
     * [776]Ukraine (2)
     * [777]Ulrich Hub (1)
     * [778]Umberto Eco (1)
     * [779]Uncategorized (5)
     * [780]Uzbekistan (1)
     * [781]V.S. Naipaul (4)
     * [782]Valeria Luiselli (3)
     * [783]Various Authors (1)
     * [784]Véronique Olmi (2)
     * [785]Verso Books (1)
     * [786]Vikram Seth (2)
     * [787]Viola Di Grado (2)
     * [788]Virginia Woolf (6)
     * [789]Vladimir Lorchenkov (1)
     * [790]Voltaire (1)
     * [791]W.G. Sebald (4)
     * [792]Wahei Tatematsu (1)
     * [793]Wales (3)
     * [794]Wiesław Myśliwski (2)
     * [795]Wilkie Collins (1)
     * [796]Will Ferguson (1)
     * [797]William Makepeace Thackeray (1)
     * [798]William Shakespeare (1)
     * [799]Witi Ihimaera (1)
     * [800]Women in Translation Month (28)
     * [801]Women Writers Month (11)
     * [802]Word Awareness (1)
     * [803]Xu Zechen (1)
     * [804]Yan Ge (1)
     * [805]Yan Lianke (1)
     * [806]Yang Gui-ja (2)
     * [807]Yasmina Reza (1)
     * [808]Yasunari Kawabata (6)
     * [809]Yasushi Inoue (3)
     * [810]Yi Kwang-su (3)
     * [811]Yi Mun-yol (3)
     * [812]Yi Sang (1)
     * [813]Yoko Ogawa (4)
     * [814]Yoko Tawada (2)
     * [815]Yom Sang-seop (1)
     * [816]Youngmin Kwon (1)
     * [817]Your Face Tomorrow (3)
     * [818]Yuka Igarashi (1)
     * [819]Yukio Mishima (9)
     * [820]Yūichi Seirai (1)
     * [821]Zulmira Ribeiro Tavares (1)
     * [822]Ō no Yasumaro (1)

Follow Blog via Email

   Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications
   of new posts by email.

   Join 1,962 other followers

   ____________________

   Follow
     * [823]RSS - Posts
     * [824]RSS - Comments

   Search for: ____________________ Search

Top Posts & Pages

     * [825]'The Heredity of Taste' by Natsume Sōseki (Review)
       [826]'The Heredity of Taste' by Natsume Sōseki (Review)
     * [827]2016 Reviews
       [828]2016 Reviews
     * [829]'The Night Watch' by Patrick Modiano (Review)
       [830]'The Night Watch' by Patrick Modiano (Review)
     * [831]'Human Acts' by Han Kang (Review)
       [832]'Human Acts' by Han Kang (Review)
     * [833]'The Miner' by Natsume Sōseki (Review)
       [834]'The Miner' by Natsume Sōseki (Review)

Archives

   Archives [Select Month________]

People, Places and Other Things…

     * [835]1Q84
     * [836]Aardvark Bureau
     * [837]Adalbert Stifter
     * [838]Adam Thirlwell
     * [839]Aharon Appelfeld
     * [840]Aki Ollikainen
     * [841]Akira Yoshimura
     * [842]Akiyuki Nosaka
     * [843]Alain Mabanckou
     * [844]Alain-Fournier
     * [845]Alan Duff
     * [846]Alan Hollinghurst
     * [847]Albania
     * [848]Albert Camus
     * [849]Alejandro Zambra
     * [850]Alessandro Marzo Magno
     * [851]Alexander Pushkin
     * [852]Alexis Wright
     * [853]Alfred Döblin
     * [854]Algeria
     * [855]Alisa – Folge Deinem Herzen
     * [856]Alisa Ganieva
     * [857]Allen & Unwin
     * [858]Alois Hotschnig
     * [859]Amara Lakhous. Italy
     * [860]America
     * [861]Amos Oz
     * [862]And Other Stories
     * [863]András Kepes
     * [864]Andrés Barba
     * [865]Andrés Caicedo
     * [866]Andrés Neuman
     * [867]Andreï Makine
     * [868]Andrei Bely
     * [869]Andrej Longo
     * [870]Andrew Marr
     * [871]Andrew McGahan
     * [872]Andrew O'Hagan
     * [873]Andrey Kurkov
     * [874]Andrzej Stasiuk
     * [875]Angharad Price
     * [876]Angus and Robertson Classics
     * [877]Ann Sung-Hi Lee
     * [878]Anna Funder
     * [879]Anna Kim
     * [880]Anna Seghers
     * [881]Anne Brontë
     * [882]Anne Garréta
     * [883]Annette von Droste-Hülshoff
     * [884]Annie M.G. Schmidt
     * [885]Annual Awards
     * [886]Annual Lists
     * [887]Antal Szerb
     * [888]Anthony Briggs
     * [889]Anthony Trollope
     * [890]Antonio Muñoz Molina
     * [891]Antonio Skármeta
     * [892]Arcadia Books
     * [893]Archipelago Books
     * [894]Argentina
     * [895]Armadillo Central
     * [896]Arnold Zable
     * [897]Arnon Grunberg
     * [898]Arthur Schnitzler
     * [899]Arto Paasilinna
     * [900]Arundhati Roy
     * [901]Asia Publishers
     * [902]Asko Sahlberg
     * [903]Atef Abu Saif
     * [904]Atlantic Books
     * [905]Auður Ava Ólafsdóttir
     * [906]Australia
     * [907]Austria
     * [908]À La Recherche du Temps Perdu
     * [909]Ágúst Borgþór Sverrisson
     * [910]Álvaro Bisama
     * [911]Álvaro Colomer
     * [912]Éric Faye
     * [913]Bae Suah
     * [914]Baek Sin-ae
     * [915]Banana Yoshimoto
     * [916]BBAW
     * [917]BBAW 2011
     * [918]BCLT
     * [919]Belgium
     * [920]Ben Elton
     * [921]Bernard Turle
     * [922]Bernardo Atxaga
     * [923]Birgit Vanderbeke
     * [924]Bloomsbury Australia
     * [925]Brazil
     * [926]Brian Magee
     * [927]Bruce and Ju-Chan Fulton
     * [928]Bruce Fulton
     * [929]BTBA 2015
     * [930]C.Y. Gopinath
     * [931]Cahier Series
     * [932]Can Xue
     * [933]Canada
     * [934]Carlos Busqued
     * [935]Carlos Gamerro
     * [936]Carmen Boullosa
     * [937]Carrie Tiffany
     * [938]Catalonia
     * [939]César Aira
     * [940]Cees Nooteboom
     * [941]Ch'oe In-ho
     * [942]Ch'oe Yun
     * [943]Chae Man-sik
     * [944]Challenges
     * [945]Charles Dickens
     * [946]Charles-Ferdinand Ramuz
     * [947]Charlotte Bronte
     * [948]Chile
     * [949]China
     * [950]Cho Chongnae
     * [951]Cho Myung-hui
     * [952]Cho Se-Hui
     * [953]Chris Barnard
     * [954]Christa Wolf
     * [955]Christos Tsiolkas
     * [956]Clarice Lispector
     * [957]Clemens Meyer
     * [958]Colas Gutman
     * [959]Colombia
     * [960]Columbia University Press
     * [961]Comma Press
     * [962]Conrad Ferdinand Meyer
     * [963]Croatia
     * [964]Czech Republic
     * [965]D.H. Lawrence
     * [966]Dag Solstad
     * [967]Dalkey Archive
     * [968]Dan Holloway
     * [969]Daniel Kehlmann
     * [970]Das Schloß
     * [971]David Malouf
     * [972]David Milnes
     * [973]David Mitchell
     * [974]Daša Drndić
     * [975]Deep Vellum Press
     * [976]Democratic Republic of Congo
     * [977]Denmark
     * [978]Der Kanon
     * [979]Dewi Lestari
     * [980]Diego Marani
     * [981]Dirk Schümer
     * [982]Donald Keene
     * [983]Duncan Hewitt
     * [984]E.L. Konigsburg
     * [985]E.M. Forster
     * [986]E.T.A. Hoffmann
     * [987]Eça de Queiroz
     * [988]Edith Grossman
     * [989]Edith Wharton
     * [990]Eduard von Keyserling
     * [991]Eduardo Sacheri
     * [992]Effi Briest
     * [993]Eka Kurniawan
     * [994]Eleanor Catton
     * [995]Eleanor Dark
     * [996]Elena Ferrante
     * [997]Elias Khoury
     * [998]Elizabeth Gaskell
     * [999]Elizabeth Jolley
     * [1000]Elliot Perlman
     * [1001]Elvira Dones
     * [1002]Elvira Navarro
     * [1003]Emily Brontë
     * [1004]Emily's Reviews
     * [1005]England
     * [1006]Enrique Vila-Matas
     * [1007]Equatorial Guinea
     * [1008]Erich Kästner
     * [1009]Erich Maria Remarque
     * [1010]Ernst Haffner
     * [1011]Erwin Mortier
     * [1012]Esther Allen
     * [1013]Eugen Ruge
     * [1014]Euripides
     * [1015]Europa Editions
     * [1016]Eva Furnari
     * [1017]Evelio Rosero
     * [1018]Faroe Islands
     * [1019]Fflur Dafydd
     * [1020]Finland
     * [1021]Fiona Capp
     * [1022]Fiona McGregor
     * [1023]Fiona Robyn
     * [1024]Fiston Mwanza Mujila
     * [1025]Fitzcarraldo Editions
     * [1026]France
     * [1027]Franco Nasi
     * [1028]Franz Kafka
     * [1029]Friedrich Christian Delius
     * [1030]Friedrich Dürrenmatt
     * [1031]Friedrich Schiller
     * [1032]Frisch & Co.
     * [1033]Fumiko Enchi
     * [1034]Fusion Lit Bistro
     * [1035]Fyodor Dostoyevsky
     * [1036]Gabriel Garcia Marquez
     * [1037]Gallic Books
     * [1038]Gao Xingjian
     * [1039]Garry Jenkins
     * [1040]Gøhril Gabrielsen
     * [1041]Günter Grass
     * [1042]George Eliot
     * [1043]George Negus
     * [1044]Georges Simenon
     * [1045]Georgi Vladimov
     * [1046]Gerald Murnane
     * [1047]Gerbrand Bakker
     * [1048]Gerhart Hauptmann
     * [1049]German Literature Month
     * [1050]Germany
     * [1051]Glenda Crosling
     * [1052]Gottfried Keller
     * [1053]Granta
     * [1054]Greece
     * [1055]Guðrún Eva Mínervudóttir
     * [1056]Guest Post
     * [1057]Gyrðir Elíasson
     * [1058]Haïlji
     * [1059]Halldór Laxness
     * [1060]Hamid Ismailov
     * [1061]Han Kang
     * [1062]Hanna Krall
     * [1063]Hanne Ørstavik
     * [1064]Haruki Murakami
     * [1065]Haruo Shirane
     * [1066]Hassan Blassim
     * [1067]Héctor Abad
     * [1068]Heðin Brú
     * [1069]Heinrich Böll
     * [1070]Heinrich Heine
     * [1071]Heinrich Mann
     * [1072]Heinrich von Kleist
     * [1073]Helen Garner
     * [1074]Helen Humphreys
     * [1075]Helen Murphy
     * [1076]Henry James
     * [1077]Herman Melville
     * [1078]Herta Müller
     * [1079]Hesperus Press
     * [1080]Hiromi Kawakami
     * [1081]Hispabooks
     * [1082]Hitomi Kanehara
     * [1083]Homer
     * [1084]Honoré de Balzac
     * [1085]HopeRoad Publishing
     * [1086]Hubert Mingarelli
     * [1087]Hungary
     * [1088]Hwang Sok-yong
     * [1089]Hwang Sun-won
     * [1090]Hyun Jin-geon
     * [1091]Hyun Ki-young
     * [1092]Ian McEwan
     * [1093]Iceland
     * [1094]IFFP 2012
     * [1095]IFFP 2013
     * [1096]IFFP 2014
     * [1097]IFFP 2015
     * [1098]Imma Monsó
     * [1099]India
     * [1100]Indigenous Literature Week
     * [1101]Indonesia
     * [1102]Influences
     * [1103]Inga Ābele
     * [1104]Iosi Havilio
     * [1105]Iraq
     * [1106]Ireland
     * [1107]Ismail Kadare
     * [1108]Israel
     * [1109]Istros Books
     * [1110]Italy
     * [1111]Ivan Morris
     * [1112]James Joyce
     * [1113]Jan van Mersbergen
     * [1114]Jane Austen
     * [1115]Janet Frame
     * [1116]Jang Eun-jin
     * [1117]January in Japan
     * [1118]Japan
     * [1119]Javier Marías
     * [1120]Jay Rubin
     * [1121]Jáchym Topol
     * [1122]Jérôme Ferrari
     * [1123]Jón Kalman Stefánsson
     * [1124]Jean-Jacques Sempe
     * [1125]Jean-Marie Blas de Roblès
     * [1126]Jeffrey Greene
     * [1127]Jenny Erpenbeck
     * [1128]Jeremias Gotthelf
     * [1129]Jiří Hájíček
     * [1130]Jo Kyung-ran
     * [1131]Joaquín Pérez Azaústre
     * [1132]Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
     * [1133]Johanna Spyri
     * [1134]Jonas Jonasson
     * [1135]Jorge Luis Borges
     * [1136]José Carlos Llop
     * [1137]José Saramago
     * [1138]Joseph Conrad
     * [1139]Joseph Roth
     * [1140]Joseph von Eichendorff
     * [1141]Juan Gabriel Vásquez
     * [1142]Juan Pablo Villalobos
     * [1143]Juan Tomás Ávila Laurel
     * [1144]Judith Hermann
     * [1145]Judith Schalansky
     * [1146]Julia Franck
     * [1147]Julian Barnes
     * [1148]Jun'ichiro Tanizaki
     * [1149]Jung Mi-kyung
     * [1150]Jung Young-Moon
     * [1151]Jung-Myung Lee
     * [1152]K-Fiction Series
     * [1153]Kamel Daoud
     * [1154]Kang Kyung-ae
     * [1155]Karl Ove Knausgaard
     * [1156]Katherine Mansfield
     * [1157]Katie Slade
     * [1158]Kazuo Ishiguro
     * [1159]Kári Gíslason
     * [1160]Kenji Miyazawa
     * [1161]Kenji Nakagami
     * [1162]Kenzaburo Oe
     * [1163]Keri Hulme
     * [1164]Khaled Khalifa
     * [1165]Kim Chi-won
     * [1166]Kim Dong-in
     * [1167]Kim In-suk
     * [1168]Kim Joo-young
     * [1169]Kim Min-suk
     * [1170]Kim Na-cheon
     * [1171]Kim Sa-ryang
     * [1172]Kim Scott
     * [1173]Kim Won-il
     * [1174]Kim Young-ha
     * [1175]Kim Yu-jeong
     * [1176]Kobo Abe
     * [1177]Kong Chi-yong
     * [1178]Kong Son-ok
     * [1179]Kristín Ómarsdóttir
     * [1180]Kristina Carlson
     * [1181]Kuniko Mukoda
     * [1182]Kurodahan Press
     * [1183]Kyung-Sook Shin
     * [1184]Kyōkai
     * [1185]Larissa Behrendt
     * [1186]Latvia
     * [1187]Laurent Binet
     * [1188]László Krasznahorkai
     * [1189]Lebanon
     * [1190]Lee Hyo-seok
     * [1191]Lee Ki-ho
     * [1192]Leila S. Chudori
     * [1193]Lena Christ
     * [1194]Leo Tolstoy
     * [1195]Library of Korean Literature
     * [1196]Lily Yulianti Farid
     * [1197]Lloyd Jones
     * [1198]Lontar Foundation
     * [1199]Lorenzo Mediano
     * [1200]LTI Korea
     * [1201]Luciano De Crescenzo
     * [1202]Luisgé Martín
     * [1203]Ma Jian
     * [1204]Machi Tawara
     * [1205]MacLehose Press
     * [1206]Maike Wetzel
     * [1207]Man Booker International Prize 2016
     * [1208]Manuel Rivas
     * [1209]María Dueñas
     * [1210]Marcel Aymé
     * [1211]Marcel Proust
     * [1212]Marcello Fois
     * [1213]Marcos Giralt Torrente
     * [1214]Margaret Oliphant
     * [1215]Maria Barbal
     * [1216]Marie NDiaye
     * [1217]Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
     * [1218]Marija Knežević
     * [1219]Marinko Koščec
     * [1220]Mario Vargas Llosa
     * [1221]Marleigh Ryan
     * [1222]Marlene Van Niekerk
     * [1223]Mathias Énard
     * [1224]Matthias Politycki
     * [1225]Maureen Freely
     * [1226]Maurice Gee
     * [1227]Melbourne Writers Festival 2013
     * [1228]Melbourne Writers Festival 2014
     * [1229]Melbourne Writers Festival 2015
     * [1230]Merethe Lindstrøm
     * [1231]Merwin Asia
     * [1232]Mexico
     * [1233]Michael Emmerich
     * [1234]Michel Déon
     * [1235]Michel Tournier
     * [1236]Michela Murgia
     * [1237]Mieko Kanai
     * [1238]Miguel de Cervantes
     * [1239]Miguel Syjuco
     * [1240]Mikael Niemi
     * [1241]Mike Gayle
     * [1242]Mikhail Shishkin
     * [1243]Miklós Bánffy
     * [1244]Milan Kundera
     * [1245]Milena Michiko Flašar
     * [1246]Miles Franklin
     * [1247]Minae Mizumura
     * [1248]Mircea Cărtărescu
     * [1249]Moldova
     * [1250]Monthly
     * [1251]Murasaki Shikibu
     * [1252]Music & Literature
     * [1253]My Struggle
     * [1254]Na Do-hyang
     * [1255]Nagai Kafu
     * [1256]Naja Marie Aidt
     * [1257]Natsume Soseki
     * [1258]Neapolitan Novels
     * [1259]Neil Gaiman
     * [1260]Netherlands
     * [1261]New Directions
     * [1262]New Vessel Press
     * [1263]New Zealand
     * [1264]Nick Earls
     * [1265]Nick Hornby
     * [1266]Nicolás Casariego
     * [1267]Nikolai Gogol
     * [1268]Norway
     * [1269]O Chong-hui
     * [1270]Ogai Mori
     * [1271]Oh Han-ki
     * [1272]Oleg Pavlov
     * [1273]Oleg Zaionchkovsky
     * [1274]Onesuch Press
     * [1275]Open Letter
     * [1276]Orhan Pamuk
     * [1277]Osamu Dazai
     * [1278]Other Press
     * [1279]Ouyang Yu
     * [1280]Ox and Pigeon
     * [1281]Paco Ignacio Taibo II
     * [1282]Palestine
     * [1283]Parallel Stories
     * [1284]Park Hyoung-su
     * [1285]Park Min-gyu
     * [1286]Park Wan-suh
     * [1287]Patrick Modiano
     * [1288]Patrick White
     * [1289]Paul Auster
     * [1290]Paul Griffiths
     * [1291]Paweł Huelle
     * [1292]Péter Nádas
     * [1293]Pedro Mairal
     * [1294]Peirene Press
     * [1295]Penguin
     * [1296]Per Petterson
     * [1297]Peru
     * [1298]Pete Davies
     * [1299]Peter Barry
     * [1300]Peter Carey
     * [1301]Peter Handke
     * [1302]Peter Owen Publishers
     * [1303]Peter Stamm
     * [1304]Philippe Claudel
     * [1305]Pia Juul
     * [1306]Pierre Gripari
     * [1307]Pitigtrilli
     * [1308]PM Press
     * [1309]Poland
     * [1310]Portobello Books
     * [1311]Portugal
     * [1312]Pramoedya Ananta Toer
     * [1313]Profile Books
     * [1314]Pushkin Children's Books
     * [1315]Pushkin Press
     * [1316]Rainer Maria Rilke
     * [1317]Random
     * [1318]Raymond Jean
     * [1319]Rene Goscinny
     * [1320]Republic of the Congo
     * [1321]Rereading July
     * [1322]Review
     * [1323]Richard Osborne
     * [1324]Richard Weihe
     * [1325]Robert Walser
     * [1326]Roberto Bolaño
     * [1327]Robin Lane Fox
     * [1328]Roddy Doyle
     * [1329]Rodrigo de Souza Leão
     * [1330]Rohinton Mistry
     * [1331]Romania
     * [1332]Rome
     * [1333]Royall Tyler
     * [1334]Russia
     * [1335]Ryu Murakami
     * [1336]Ryunosuke Akutagawa
     * [1337]Salman Rushdie
     * [1338]Santiago Gamboa
     * [1339]Sarah Moss
     * [1340]Sarah Waters
     * [1341]Sayed Kashua
     * [1342]Scotland
     * [1343]Scribe Publications
     * [1344]Sei Shōnagon
     * [1345]Serbia
     * [1346]Sergio Pitol
     * [1347]Seven Stories Press
     * [1348]Shimei Futabatei
     * [1349]Shusaku Endo
     * [1350]Sinon Antoon
     * [1351]Sjón
     * [1352]Small Stations Press
     * [1353]So Yong-un
     * [1354]Sofi Oksanen
     * [1355]Sophocles
     * [1356]South Africa
     * [1357]South Korea
     * [1358]Spain
     * [1359]Spanish Lit Month
     * [1360]Stefan Zweig
     * [1361]Stefanie de Velasco
     * [1362]Steve Sem-Sandberg
     * [1363]Steven Carroll
     * [1364]Stone Bridge Press
     * [1365]Stork Press
     * [1366]Suki Kim
     * [1367]Susan Bernofsky
     * [1368]Sweden
     * [1369]Switzerland
     * [1370]Sybille Lewitscharoff
     * [1371]Syria
     * [1372]Tadeusz Różewicz
     * [1373]Takehiko Fukunaga
     * [1374]Teju Cole
     * [1375]Telegram Books
     * [1376]Teru Miyamoto
     * [1377]Text Classics
     * [1378]Text Publishing
     * [1379]The Barchester Chronicles
     * [1380]The Carlingford Chronicles
     * [1381]The Glenroy Trilogy
     * [1382]The Grimm Brothers
     * [1383]The Melbourne Trilogy
     * [1384]The Palliser Novels
     * [1385]The Philipines
     * [1386]The Sea of Fertility Tetralogy
     * [1387]The Tale of Genji
     * [1388]The Transylvanian Trilogy
     * [1389]The Trilogy of the Rat
     * [1390]Thea Astley
     * [1391]Theodor Fontane
     * [1392]Theodor Storm
     * [1393]Thomas Bannerhed
     * [1394]Thomas Bernhard
     * [1395]Thomas Hardy
     * [1396]Thomas Harper
     * [1397]Thomas Mann
     * [1398]Tim Winton
     * [1399]Timur Vermes
     * [1400]Tom Keneally
     * [1401]Tomás González
     * [1402]Tommy Wieringa
     * [1403]Tomoyuki Hoshino
     * [1404]Toni Marques
     * [1405]Tony Parsons
     * [1406]Tove Jansson
     * [1407]Trinidad and Tobago
     * [1408]Tristan Garcia
     * [1409]Turkey
     * [1410]Two Lines Press
     * [1411]Ukraine
     * [1412]Ulrich Hub
     * [1413]Umberto Eco
     * [1414]Uncategorized
     * [1415]Uzbekistan
     * [1416]V.S. Naipaul
     * [1417]Valeria Luiselli
     * [1418]Various Authors
     * [1419]Véronique Olmi
     * [1420]Verso Books
     * [1421]Vikram Seth
     * [1422]Viola Di Grado
     * [1423]Virginia Woolf
     * [1424]Vladimir Lorchenkov
     * [1425]Voltaire
     * [1426]W.G. Sebald
     * [1427]Wahei Tatematsu
     * [1428]Wales
     * [1429]Wiesław Myśliwski
     * [1430]Wilkie Collins
     * [1431]Will Ferguson
     * [1432]William Makepeace Thackeray
     * [1433]William Shakespeare
     * [1434]Witi Ihimaera
     * [1435]Women in Translation Month
     * [1436]Women Writers Month
     * [1437]Word Awareness
     * [1438]Xu Zechen
     * [1439]Yan Ge
     * [1440]Yan Lianke
     * [1441]Yang Gui-ja
     * [1442]Yasmina Reza
     * [1443]Yasunari Kawabata
     * [1444]Yasushi Inoue
     * [1445]Yi Kwang-su
     * [1446]Yi Mun-yol
     * [1447]Yi Sang
     * [1448]Yoko Ogawa
     * [1449]Yoko Tawada
     * [1450]Yom Sang-seop
     * [1451]Youngmin Kwon
     * [1452]Your Face Tomorrow
     * [1453]Yuka Igarashi
     * [1454]Yukio Mishima
     * [1455]Yūichi Seirai
     * [1456]Zulmira Ribeiro Tavares
     * [1457]Ō no Yasumaro

   [1458]Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. | [1459]The Plane
   Theme.

   [1460]Follow

Follow “Tony's Reading List”

   Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.

   Join 1,962 other followers

   ____________________

   Sign me up
   [1461]Build a website with WordPress.com


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Post to
   [1462]Cancel Reblog Post

References

   Visible links
   1. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/feed/
   2. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/comments/feed/
   3. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/osd.xml
   4. https://s1.wp.com/opensearch.xml
   5. file:///home/ctay/cs432/Asst3/source871.txt#content
   6. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/
   7. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2009-reviews/
   8. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2010-reviews/
   9. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2011-reviews/
  10. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2012-reviews/
  11. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2013-reviews/
  12. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2014-reviews/
  13. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015-reviews/
  14. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016-reviews/
  15. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/just-who-is-tony-and-what-exactly-is-his-reading-list/
  16. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/library-of-korean-literature-reviews/
  17. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/review-policy/
  18. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/something-a-little-different/
  19. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/tonys-reading-list-on-tour/
  20. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/
  21. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/18/the-heredity-of-taste-by-natsume-soseki-review/
  22. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/18/the-heredity-of-taste-by-natsume-soseki-review/
  23. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
  24. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/18/the-heredity-of-taste-by-natsume-soseki-review/#comments
  25. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/img_5391.jpg
  26. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/natsume-soseki/
  27. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2010/08/17/review-post-41-hey-teacher-leave-those-kids-a-no-actually-give-them-a-kicking-they-deserve-it/
  28. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2010/05/04/review-post-20-i-am-most-definitely-not-a-cat/
  29. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2011/04/21/yet-another-taste-of-japan/
  30. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/09/10/the-miner-by-natsume-soseki-review/
  31. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natsume_Sōseki#Major_works
  32. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2010/11/20/a-grass-pillow-for-my-head/
  33. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2013/01/17/the-210th-day-by-natsume-soseki-review/
  34. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/january-in-japan/
  35. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/japan/
  36. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/natsume-soseki/
  37. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/review/
  38. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/15/the-night-watch-by-patrick-modiano-review/
  39. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/15/the-night-watch-by-patrick-modiano-review/
  40. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
  41. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/15/the-night-watch-by-patrick-modiano-review/#comments
  42. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/img_5331.jpg
  43. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/patrick-modiano/
  44. http://www.bloomsbury.com/au/the-occupation-trilogy-9781408867907/
  45. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/10/29/la-place-de-letoile-by-patrick-modiano-review/
  46. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bloomsbury-australia/
  47. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/france/
  48. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/patrick-modiano/
  49. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/review/
  50. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/14/introducing-the-2016-mbip-shadow-panel/
  51. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/14/introducing-the-2016-mbip-shadow-panel/
  52. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
  53. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/14/introducing-the-2016-mbip-shadow-panel/#comments
  54. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/mbip-2016.jpg
  55. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/07/man-booker-international-prize-2016-predictions/
  56. https://winstonsdad.wordpress.com/
  57. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/
  58. http://alittleblogofbooks.com/
  59. http://messybooker.blogspot.com.au/
  60. http://dolcebellezza.net/
  61. http://www.davidsbookworld.com/
  62. https://1streading.wordpress.com/
  63. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/man-booker-international-prize-2016/
  64. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/12/the-sound-of-waves-by-yukio-mishima-review/
  65. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/12/the-sound-of-waves-by-yukio-mishima-review/
  66. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
  67. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/12/the-sound-of-waves-by-yukio-mishima-review/#comments
  68. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/img_5390.jpg
  69. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yukio-mishima/
  70. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-sea-of-fertility-tetralogy/
  71. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/january-in-japan/
  72. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/japan/
  73. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/review/
  74. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yukio-mishima/
  75. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/10/human-acts-by-han-kang-review/
  76. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/10/human-acts-by-han-kang-review/
  77. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
  78. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/10/human-acts-by-han-kang-review/#comments
  79. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/img_5393.jpg
  80. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/han-kang/
  81. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/02/05/the-vegetarian-by-han-kang-review/
  82. http://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/feb/05/han-kang-interview-writing-massacre?CMP=share_btn_tw
  83. http://portobellobooks.com/human-acts
  84. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/portobello-books/
  85. http://www.asymptotejournal.com/criticism/han-kang-human-acts/
  86. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/choe-yun/
  87. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2014/08/21/there-a-petal-silently-falls-by-choe-yun-review/
  88. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hwang-sok-yong/
  89. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/04/the-old-garden-by-hwang-sok-yong-review/
  90. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/han-kang/
  91. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/portobello-books/
  92. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/review/
  93. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/south-korea/
  94. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/09/august-october-by-andres-barba-the-same-city-by-luisge-martin-review/
  95. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/09/august-october-by-andres-barba-the-same-city-by-luisge-martin-review/
  96. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
  97. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/09/august-october-by-andres-barba-the-same-city-by-luisge-martin-review/#comments
  98. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/img_5387.jpg
  99. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hispabooks/
 100. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andres-barba/
 101. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/luisge-martin/
 102. http://hispabooks.com/home/25-the-same-city.html
 103. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/img_5388.jpg
 104. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/07/16/woman-in-darkness-by-luisge-martin-review/
 105. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/img_5389.jpg
 106. http://hispabooks.com/home/26-august-october.html
 107. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2014/12/16/rain-over-madrid-by-andres-barba-review/
 108. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2010/03/10/review-post-11-from-the-comfortably-sublime-to-the-absurdly-ridiculous/
 109. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andres-barba/
 110. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hispabooks/
 111. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/luisge-martin/
 112. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/review/
 113. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/spain/
 114. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/07/man-booker-international-prize-2016-predictions/
 115. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/07/man-booker-international-prize-2016-predictions/
 116. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
 117. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/07/man-booker-international-prize-2016-predictions/#comments
 118. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/mbip-2016.jpg
 119. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/img_5156.jpg
 120. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/02/05/the-vegetarian-by-han-kang-review/
 121. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/06/08/the-mersault-investigation-by-kamel-daoud-review/
 122. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/09/15/tram-83-by-fiston-mwanza-mujila-review/
 123. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2014/10/30/seiobo-there-below-by-laszlo-krasznahorkai-review/
 124. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/img_5236.jpg
 125. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/04/28/in-the-night-of-time-by-antonio-munoz-molina-review/
 126. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/05/19/street-of-thieves-by-mathias-enard-review/
 127. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2014/12/23/zone-by-mathias-enard-review/
 128. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/06/15/my-documents-by-alejandro-zambra-review/
 129. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/img_5234.jpg
 130. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/06/01/princess-bari-by-hwang-sok-yong-review/
 131. http://shinynewbooks.co.uk/fiction-issue-6/new-the-house-in-smyrna-by-tatiana-salem-levy/
 132. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/03/31/these-are-the-names-by-tommy-wieringa-review/
 133. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/07/21/june-by-gerbrand-bakker-review/
 134. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/img_5168.jpg
 135. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2013/09/16/the-sorrow-of-angels-by-jon-kalman-stefansson-review/
 136. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/02/24/the-heart-of-man-by-jon-kalman-stefansson-review/
 137. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/08/31/the-story-of-the-lost-child-by-elena-ferrante-review/
 138. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/05/10/dancing-in-the-dark-by-karl-ove-knausgaard-review/
 139. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/img_5384.jpg
 140. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/28/death-by-water-by-kenzaburo-oe-review/
 141. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/img_5347.jpg
 142. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/11/23/aller-liebe-anfang-the-start-of-love-by-judith-hermann-review/
 143. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/man-booker-international-prize-2016/
 144. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/tokyo-decadence-by-ryu-murakami-review/
 145. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/tokyo-decadence-by-ryu-murakami-review/
 146. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
 147. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/tokyo-decadence-by-ryu-murakami-review/#comments
 148. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/img_5386.jpg
 149. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kurodahan-press/
 150. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/osamu-dazai/
 151. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/teru-miyamoto/
 152. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ryu-murakami/
 153. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/01/08/almost-transparent-blue-by-ryu-murakami-review/
 154. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2013/01/28/coin-locker-babies-by-ryu-murakami-review/
 155. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2013/09/01/from-the-fatherland-with-love-by-ryu-murakami-review/
 156. http://www.kurodahan.com/mt/e/catalog/jp0049cate.html#more
 157. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2013/06/10/sixty-nine-by-ryu-murakami-review/
 158. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/january-in-japan/
 159. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/japan/
 160. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kurodahan-press/
 161. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/review/
 162. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ryu-murakami/
 163. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/01/your-face-tomorrow-3-poison-shadow-and-farewell-by-javier-marias-review/
 164. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/01/your-face-tomorrow-3-poison-shadow-and-farewell-by-javier-marias-review/
 165. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
 166. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/01/your-face-tomorrow-3-poison-shadow-and-farewell-by-javier-marias-review/#comments
 167. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/img_5385.jpg
 168. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/javier-marias/
 169. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/your-face-tomorrow/
 170. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/09/24/tomorrow-in-the-battle-think-on-me-by-javier-marias-review/
 171. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/07/23/all-souls-by-javier-marias-review/
 172. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2013/05/12/a-heart-so-white-by-javier-marias-review/
 173. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/javier-marias/
 174. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/review/
 175. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/spain/
 176. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/your-face-tomorrow/
 177. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/30/january-2016-wrap-up/
 178. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/30/january-2016-wrap-up/
 179. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/author/tonysreadinglist/
 180. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/30/january-2016-wrap-up/#comments
 181. https://tonysreadinglist.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/img_3100.jpg
 182. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/04/the-old-garden-by-hwang-sok-yong-review/
 183. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/07/goodbye-tsugumi-by-banana-yoshimoto-review/
 184. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/11/your-face-tomorrow-2-dance-and-dream-by-javier-marias-review/
 185. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/14/reading-the-tale-of-genji-sources-from-the-first-millennium-eds-thomas-harper-and-haruo-shirane-review/
 186. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/17/meet-at-the-ark-at-eight-by-ulrich-hub-review/
 187. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/19/the-swan-whisperer-by-marlene-van-niekerk-translators-blues-by-franco-nasi-review/
 188. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/19/the-swan-whisperer-by-marlene-van-niekerk-translators-blues-by-franco-nasi-review/
 189. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/21/ground-zero-nagasaki-by-yuichi-seirai-review/
 190. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/25/como-viajar-sin-ver-how-to-travel-without-seeing-by-andres-neuman-review/
 191. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/01/28/death-by-water-by-kenzaburo-oe-review/
 192. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/monthly/
 193. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/page/2/
 194. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/
 195. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/18/the-heredity-of-taste-by-natsume-soseki-review/
 196. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/15/the-night-watch-by-patrick-modiano-review/
 197. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/14/introducing-the-2016-mbip-shadow-panel/
 198. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/12/the-sound-of-waves-by-yukio-mishima-review/
 199. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/10/human-acts-by-han-kang-review/
 200. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/1q84/
 201. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/aardvark-bureau/
 202. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/adalbert-stifter/
 203. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/adam-thirlwell/
 204. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/aharon-appelfeld/
 205. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/aki-ollikainen/
 206. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/akira-yoshimura/
 207. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/akiyuki-nosaka/
 208. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alain-mabanckou/
 209. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alain-fournier/
 210. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alan-duff/
 211. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alan-hollinghurst/
 212. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/albania/
 213. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/albert-camus/
 214. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alejandro-zambra/
 215. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alessandro-marzo-magno/
 216. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alexander-pushkin/
 217. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alexis-wright/
 218. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alfred-doblin/
 219. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/algeria/
 220. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alisa-folge-deinem-herzen/
 221. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alisa-ganieva/
 222. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/allen-unwin/
 223. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alois-hotschnig/
 224. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/amara-lakhous-italy/
 225. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/america/
 226. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/amos-oz/
 227. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/and-other-stories/
 228. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andras-kepes/
 229. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andres-barba/
 230. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andres-caicedo/
 231. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andres-neuman/
 232. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrei-makine/
 233. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrei-bely/
 234. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrej-longo/
 235. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrew-marr/
 236. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrew-mcgahan/
 237. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrew-ohagan/
 238. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrey-kurkov/
 239. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrzej-stasiuk/
 240. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/angharad-price/
 241. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/angus-and-robertson-classics/
 242. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ann-sung-hi-lee/
 243. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anna-funder/
 244. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anna-kim/
 245. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anna-seghers/
 246. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anne-bronte/
 247. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anne-garreta/
 248. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/annette-von-droste-hulshoff/
 249. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/annie-m-g-schmidt/
 250. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/annual-awards/
 251. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/annual-lists/
 252. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/antal-szerb/
 253. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anthony-briggs/
 254. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anthony-trollope/
 255. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/antonio-munoz-molina/
 256. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/antonio-skarmeta/
 257. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arcadia-books/
 258. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/archipelago-books/
 259. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/argentina/
 260. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/armadillo-central/
 261. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arnold-zable/
 262. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arnon-grunberg/
 263. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arthur-schnitzler/
 264. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arto-paasilinna/
 265. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arundhati-roy/
 266. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/asia-publishers/
 267. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/asko-sahlberg/
 268. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/atef-abu-saif/
 269. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/atlantic-books/
 270. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/audur-ava-olafsdottir/
 271. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/australia/
 272. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/austria/
 273. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/a-la-recherche-du-temps-perdu/
 274. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/agust-borgthor-sverrisson/
 275. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alvaro-bisama/
 276. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alvaro-colomer/
 277. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eric-faye/
 278. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bae-suah/
 279. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/baek-sin-ae/
 280. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/banana-yoshimoto/
 281. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bbaw/
 282. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bbaw-2011/
 283. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bclt/
 284. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/belgium/
 285. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ben-elton/
 286. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bernard-turle/
 287. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bernardo-atxaga/
 288. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/birgit-vanderbeke/
 289. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bloomsbury-australia/
 290. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/brazil/
 291. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/brian-magee/
 292. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bruce-and-ju-chan-fulton/
 293. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bruce-fulton/
 294. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/btba-2015/
 295. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/c-y-gopinath/
 296. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cahier-series/
 297. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/can-xue/
 298. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/canada/
 299. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/carlos-busqued/
 300. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/carlos-gamerro/
 301. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/carmen-boullosa/
 302. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/carrie-tiffany/
 303. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/catalonia/
 304. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cesar-aira/
 305. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cees-nooteboom/
 306. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/choe-in-ho/
 307. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/choe-yun/
 308. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/chae-man-sik/
 309. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/challenges/
 310. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/charles-dickens/
 311. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/charles-ferdinand-ramuz/
 312. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/charlotte-bronte/
 313. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/chile/
 314. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/china/
 315. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cho-chongnae/
 316. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cho-myung-hui/
 317. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cho-se-hui/
 318. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/chris-barnard/
 319. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/christa-wolf/
 320. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/christos-tsiolkas/
 321. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/clarice-lispector/
 322. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/clemens-meyer/
 323. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/colas-gutman/
 324. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/colombia/
 325. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/columbia-university-press/
 326. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/comma-press/
 327. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/conrad-ferdinand-meyer/
 328. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/croatia/
 329. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/czech-republic/
 330. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/d-h-lawrence/
 331. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dag-solstad/
 332. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dalkey-archive/
 333. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dan-holloway/
 334. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/daniel-kehlmann/
 335. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/das-schlos/
 336. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/david-malouf/
 337. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/david-milnes/
 338. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/david-mitchell/
 339. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dasa-drndic/
 340. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/deep-vellum-press/
 341. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/democratic-republic-of-congo/
 342. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/denmark/
 343. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/der-kanon/
 344. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dewi-lestari/
 345. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/diego-marani/
 346. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dirk-schumer/
 347. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/donald-keene/
 348. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/duncan-hewitt/
 349. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/e-l-konigsburg/
 350. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/e-m-forster/
 351. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/e-t-a-hoffmann/
 352. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eca-de-queiroz/
 353. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/edith-grossman/
 354. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/edith-wharton/
 355. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eduard-von-keyserling/
 356. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eduardo-sacheri/
 357. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/effi-briest/
 358. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eka-kurniawan/
 359. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eleanor-catton/
 360. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eleanor-dark/
 361. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elena-ferrante/
 362. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elias-khoury/
 363. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elizabeth-gaskell/
 364. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elizabeth-jolley/
 365. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elliot-perlman/
 366. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elvira-dones/
 367. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elvira-navarro/
 368. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/emily-bronte/
 369. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/emilys-reviews/
 370. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/england/
 371. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/enrique-vila-matas/
 372. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/equatorial-guinea/
 373. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/erich-kastner/
 374. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/erich-maria-remarque/
 375. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ernst-haffner/
 376. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/erwin-mortier/
 377. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/esther-allen/
 378. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eugen-ruge/
 379. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/euripides/
 380. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/europa-editions/
 381. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eva-furnari/
 382. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/evelio-rosero/
 383. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/faroe-islands/
 384. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fflur-dafydd/
 385. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/finland/
 386. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fiona-capp/
 387. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fiona-mcgregor/
 388. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fiona-robyn/
 389. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fiston-mwanza-mujila/
 390. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fitzcarraldo-editions/
 391. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/france/
 392. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/franco-nasi/
 393. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/franz-kafka/
 394. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/friedrich-christian-delius/
 395. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/friedrich-durrenmatt/
 396. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/friedrich-schiller/
 397. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/frisch-co/
 398. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fumiko-enchi/
 399. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fusion-lit-bistro/
 400. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fyodor-dostoyevsky/
 401. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gabriel-garcia-marquez/
 402. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gallic-books/
 403. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gao-xingjian/
 404. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/garry-jenkins/
 405. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gohril-gabrielsen/
 406. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gunter-grass/
 407. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/george-eliot/
 408. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/george-negus/
 409. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/georges-simenon/
 410. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/georgi-vladimov/
 411. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gerald-murnane/
 412. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gerbrand-bakker/
 413. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gerhart-hauptmann/
 414. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/german-literature-month/
 415. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/germany/
 416. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/glenda-crosling/
 417. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gottfried-keller/
 418. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/granta/
 419. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/greece/
 420. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gudrun-eva-minervudottir/
 421. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/guest-post/
 422. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gyrdir-eliasson/
 423. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hailji/
 424. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/halldor-laxness/
 425. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hamid-ismailov/
 426. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/han-kang/
 427. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hanna-krall/
 428. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hanne-orstavik/
 429. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/haruki-murakami/
 430. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/haruo-shirane/
 431. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hassan-blassim/
 432. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hector-abad/
 433. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hedin-bru/
 434. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/heinrich-boll/
 435. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/heinrich-heine/
 436. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/heinrich-mann/
 437. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/heinrich-von-kleist/
 438. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/helen-garner/
 439. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/helen-humphreys/
 440. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/helen-murphy/
 441. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/henry-james/
 442. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/herman-melville/
 443. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/herta-muller/
 444. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hesperus-press/
 445. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hiromi-kawakami/
 446. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hispabooks/
 447. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hitomi-kanehara/
 448. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/homer/
 449. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/honore-de-balzac/
 450. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hoperoad-publishing/
 451. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hubert-mingarelli/
 452. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hungary/
 453. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hwang-sok-yong/
 454. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hwang-sun-won/
 455. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hyun-jin-geon/
 456. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hyun-ki-young/
 457. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ian-mcewan/
 458. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iceland/
 459. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iffp-2012/
 460. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iffp-2013/
 461. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iffp-2014/
 462. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iffp-2015/
 463. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/imma-monso/
 464. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/india/
 465. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/indigenous-literature-week/
 466. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/indonesia/
 467. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/influences/
 468. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/inga-abele/
 469. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iosi-havilio/
 470. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iraq/
 471. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ireland/
 472. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ismail-kadare/
 473. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/israel/
 474. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/istros-books/
 475. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/italy/
 476. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ivan-morris/
 477. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/james-joyce/
 478. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jan-van-mersbergen/
 479. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jane-austen/
 480. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/janet-frame/
 481. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jang-eun-jin/
 482. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/january-in-japan/
 483. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/japan/
 484. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/javier-marias/
 485. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jay-rubin/
 486. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jachym-topol/
 487. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jerome-ferrari/
 488. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jon-kalman-stefansson/
 489. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jean-jacques-sempe/
 490. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jean-marie-blas-de-robles/
 491. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jeffrey-greene/
 492. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jenny-erpenbeck/
 493. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jeremias-gotthelf/
 494. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jiri-hajicek/
 495. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jo-kyung-ran/
 496. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/joaquin-perez-azaustre/
 497. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe/
 498. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/johanna-spyri/
 499. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jonas-jonasson/
 500. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jorge-luis-borges/
 501. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jose-carlos-llop/
 502. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jose-saramago/
 503. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/joseph-conrad/
 504. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/joseph-roth/
 505. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/joseph-von-eichendorff/
 506. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/juan-gabriel-vasquez/
 507. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/juan-pablo-villalobos/
 508. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/juan-tomas-avila-laurel/
 509. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/judith-hermann/
 510. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/judith-schalansky/
 511. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/julia-franck/
 512. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/julian-barnes/
 513. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/junichiro-tanizaki/
 514. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jung-mi-kyung/
 515. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jung-young-moon/
 516. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jung-myung-lee/
 517. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/k-fiction-series/
 518. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kamel-daoud/
 519. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kang-kyung-ae/
 520. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/karl-ove-knausgaard/
 521. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/katherine-mansfield/
 522. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/katie-slade/
 523. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kazuo-ishiguro/
 524. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kari-gislason/
 525. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kenji-miyazawa/
 526. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kenji-nakagami/
 527. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kenzaburo-oe/
 528. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/keri-hulme/
 529. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/khaled-khalifa/
 530. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-chi-won/
 531. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-dong-in/
 532. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-in-suk/
 533. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-joo-young/
 534. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-min-suk/
 535. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-na-cheon/
 536. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-sa-ryang/
 537. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-scott/
 538. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-won-il/
 539. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-young-ha/
 540. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-yu-jeong/
 541. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kobo-abe/
 542. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kong-chi-yong/
 543. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kong-son-ok/
 544. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kristin-omarsdottir/
 545. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kristina-carlson/
 546. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kuniko-mukoda/
 547. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kurodahan-press/
 548. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kyung-sook-shin/
 549. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kyokai/
 550. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/larissa-behrendt/
 551. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/latvia/
 552. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/laurent-binet/
 553. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/laszlo-krasznahorkai/
 554. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lebanon/
 555. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lee-hyo-seok/
 556. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lee-ki-ho/
 557. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/leila-s-chudori/
 558. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lena-christ/
 559. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/leo-tolstoy/
 560. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/library-of-korean-literature/
 561. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lily-yulianti-farid/
 562. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lloyd-jones/
 563. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lontar-foundation/
 564. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lorenzo-mediano/
 565. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lti-korea/
 566. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/luciano-de-crescenzo/
 567. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/luisge-martin/
 568. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ma-jian/
 569. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/machi-tawara/
 570. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maclehose-press/
 571. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maike-wetzel/
 572. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/man-booker-international-prize-2016/
 573. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/manuel-rivas/
 574. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maria-duenas/
 575. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marcel-ayme/
 576. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marcel-proust/
 577. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marcello-fois/
 578. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marcos-giralt-torrente/
 579. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/margaret-oliphant/
 580. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maria-barbal/
 581. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marie-ndiaye/
 582. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marie-von-ebner-eschenbach/
 583. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marija-knezevic/
 584. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marinko-koscec/
 585. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mario-vargas-llosa/
 586. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marleigh-ryan/
 587. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marlene-van-niekerk/
 588. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mathias-enard/
 589. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/matthias-politycki/
 590. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maureen-freely/
 591. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maurice-gee/
 592. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/melbourne-writers-festival-2013/
 593. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/melbourne-writers-festival-2014/
 594. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/melbourne-writers-festival-2015/
 595. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/merethe-lindstrom/
 596. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/merwin-asia/
 597. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mexico/
 598. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/michael-emmerich/
 599. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/michel-deon/
 600. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/michel-tournier/
 601. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/michela-murgia/
 602. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mieko-kanai/
 603. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/miguel-de-cervantes/
 604. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/miguel-syjuco/
 605. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mikael-niemi/
 606. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mike-gayle/
 607. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mikhail-shishkin/
 608. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/miklos-banffy/
 609. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/milan-kundera/
 610. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/milena-michiko-flasar/
 611. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/miles-franklin/
 612. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/minae-mizumura/
 613. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mircea-cartarescu/
 614. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/moldova/
 615. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/monthly/
 616. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/murasaki-shikibu/
 617. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/music-literature/
 618. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/my-struggle/
 619. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/na-do-hyang/
 620. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nagai-kafu/
 621. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/naja-marie-aidt/
 622. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/natsume-soseki/
 623. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/neapolitan-novels/
 624. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/neil-gaiman/
 625. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/netherlands/
 626. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/new-directions/
 627. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/new-vessel-press/
 628. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/new-zealand/
 629. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nick-earls/
 630. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nick-hornby/
 631. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nicolas-casariego/
 632. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nikolai-gogol/
 633. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/norway/
 634. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/o-chong-hui/
 635. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ogai-mori/
 636. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/oh-han-ki/
 637. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/oleg-pavlov/
 638. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/oleg-zaionchkovsky/
 639. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/onesuch-press/
 640. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/open-letter/
 641. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/orhan-pamuk/
 642. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/osamu-dazai/
 643. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/other-press/
 644. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ouyang-yu/
 645. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ox-and-pigeon/
 646. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/paco-ignacio-taibo-ii/
 647. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/palestine/
 648. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/parallel-stories/
 649. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/park-hyoung-su/
 650. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/park-min-gyu/
 651. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/park-wan-suh/
 652. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/patrick-modiano/
 653. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/patrick-white/
 654. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/paul-auster/
 655. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/paul-griffiths/
 656. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pawel-huelle/
 657. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-nadas/
 658. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pedro-mairal/
 659. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peirene-press/
 660. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/penguin/
 661. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/per-petterson/
 662. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peru/
 663. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pete-davies/
 664. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-barry/
 665. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-carey/
 666. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-handke/
 667. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-owen-publishers/
 668. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-stamm/
 669. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/philippe-claudel/
 670. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pia-juul/
 671. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pierre-gripari/
 672. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pitigtrilli/
 673. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pm-press/
 674. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/poland/
 675. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/portobello-books/
 676. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/portugal/
 677. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pramoedya-ananta-toer/
 678. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/profile-books/
 679. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pushkin-childrens-books/
 680. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pushkin-press/
 681. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rainer-maria-rilke/
 682. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/random/
 683. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/raymond-jean/
 684. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rene-goscinny/
 685. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/republic-of-the-congo/
 686. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rereading-july/
 687. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/review/
 688. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/richard-osborne/
 689. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/richard-weihe/
 690. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/robert-walser/
 691. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/roberto-bolano/
 692. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/robin-lane-fox/
 693. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/roddy-doyle/
 694. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rodrigo-de-souza-leao/
 695. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rohinton-mistry/
 696. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/romania/
 697. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rome/
 698. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/royall-tyler/
 699. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/russia/
 700. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ryu-murakami/
 701. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ryunosuke-akutagawa/
 702. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/salman-rushdie/
 703. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/santiago-gamboa/
 704. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sarah-moss/
 705. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sarah-waters/
 706. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sayed-kashua/
 707. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/scotland/
 708. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/scribe-publications/
 709. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sei-shonagon/
 710. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/serbia/
 711. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sergio-pitol/
 712. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/seven-stories-press/
 713. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/shimei-futabatei/
 714. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/shusaku-endo/
 715. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sinon-antoon/
 716. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sjon/
 717. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/small-stations-press/
 718. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/so-yong-un/
 719. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sofi-oksanen/
 720. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sophocles/
 721. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/south-africa/
 722. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/south-korea/
 723. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/spain/
 724. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/spanish-lit-month/
 725. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/stefan-zweig/
 726. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/stefanie-de-velasco/
 727. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/steve-sem-sandberg/
 728. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/steven-carroll/
 729. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/stone-bridge-press/
 730. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/stork-press/
 731. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/suki-kim/
 732. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/susan-bernofsky/
 733. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sweden/
 734. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/switzerland/
 735. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sybille-lewitscharoff/
 736. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/syria/
 737. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tadeusz-rozewicz/
 738. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/takehiko-fukunaga/
 739. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/teju-cole/
 740. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/telegram-books/
 741. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/teru-miyamoto/
 742. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/text-classics/
 743. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/text-publishing/
 744. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-barchester-chronicles/
 745. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-carlingford-chronicles/
 746. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-glenroy-trilogy/
 747. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-grimm-brothers/
 748. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-melbourne-trilogy/
 749. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-palliser-novels/
 750. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-philipines/
 751. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-sea-of-fertility-tetralogy/
 752. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-tale-of-genji/
 753. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-transylvanian-trilogy/
 754. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-trilogy-of-the-rat/
 755. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thea-astley/
 756. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/theodor-fontane/
 757. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/theodor-storm/
 758. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-bannerhed/
 759. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-bernhard/
 760. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-hardy/
 761. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-harper/
 762. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-mann/
 763. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tim-winton/
 764. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/timur-vermes/
 765. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tom-keneally/
 766. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tomas-gonzalez/
 767. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tommy-wieringa/
 768. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tomoyuki-hoshino/
 769. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/toni-marques/
 770. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tony-parsons/
 771. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tove-jansson/
 772. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/trinidad-and-tobago/
 773. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tristan-garcia/
 774. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/turkey/
 775. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/two-lines-press/
 776. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ukraine/
 777. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ulrich-hub/
 778. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/umberto-eco/
 779. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/uncategorized/
 780. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/uzbekistan/
 781. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/v-s-naipaul/
 782. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/valeria-luiselli/
 783. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/various-authors/
 784. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/veronique-olmi/
 785. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/verso-books/
 786. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/vikram-seth/
 787. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/viola-di-grado/
 788. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/virginia-woolf/
 789. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/vladimir-lorchenkov/
 790. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/voltaire/
 791. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/w-g-sebald/
 792. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/wahei-tatematsu/
 793. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/wales/
 794. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/wieslaw-mysliwski/
 795. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/wilkie-collins/
 796. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/will-ferguson/
 797. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/william-makepeace-thackeray/
 798. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/william-shakespeare/
 799. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/witi-ihimaera/
 800. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/women-in-translation-month/
 801. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/women-writers-month/
 802. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/word-awareness/
 803. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/xu-zechen/
 804. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yan-ge/
 805. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yan-lianke/
 806. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yang-gui-ja/
 807. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yasmina-reza/
 808. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yasunari-kawabata/
 809. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yasushi-inoue/
 810. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yi-kwang-su/
 811. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yi-mun-yol/
 812. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yi-sang/
 813. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yoko-ogawa/
 814. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yoko-tawada/
 815. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yom-sang-seop/
 816. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/youngmin-kwon/
 817. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/your-face-tomorrow/
 818. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yuka-igarashi/
 819. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yukio-mishima/
 820. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yuichi-seirai/
 821. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/zulmira-ribeiro-tavares/
 822. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/o-no-yasumaro/
 823. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/feed/
 824. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/comments/feed/
 825. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/18/the-heredity-of-taste-by-natsume-soseki-review/
 826. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/18/the-heredity-of-taste-by-natsume-soseki-review/
 827. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016-reviews/
 828. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016-reviews/
 829. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/15/the-night-watch-by-patrick-modiano-review/
 830. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/15/the-night-watch-by-patrick-modiano-review/
 831. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/10/human-acts-by-han-kang-review/
 832. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2016/02/10/human-acts-by-han-kang-review/
 833. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/09/10/the-miner-by-natsume-soseki-review/
 834. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/2015/09/10/the-miner-by-natsume-soseki-review/
 835. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/1q84/
 836. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/aardvark-bureau/
 837. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/adalbert-stifter/
 838. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/adam-thirlwell/
 839. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/aharon-appelfeld/
 840. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/aki-ollikainen/
 841. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/akira-yoshimura/
 842. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/akiyuki-nosaka/
 843. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alain-mabanckou/
 844. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alain-fournier/
 845. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alan-duff/
 846. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alan-hollinghurst/
 847. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/albania/
 848. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/albert-camus/
 849. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alejandro-zambra/
 850. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alessandro-marzo-magno/
 851. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alexander-pushkin/
 852. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alexis-wright/
 853. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alfred-doblin/
 854. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/algeria/
 855. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alisa-folge-deinem-herzen/
 856. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alisa-ganieva/
 857. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/allen-unwin/
 858. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alois-hotschnig/
 859. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/amara-lakhous-italy/
 860. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/america/
 861. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/amos-oz/
 862. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/and-other-stories/
 863. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andras-kepes/
 864. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andres-barba/
 865. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andres-caicedo/
 866. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andres-neuman/
 867. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrei-makine/
 868. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrei-bely/
 869. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrej-longo/
 870. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrew-marr/
 871. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrew-mcgahan/
 872. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrew-ohagan/
 873. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrey-kurkov/
 874. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/andrzej-stasiuk/
 875. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/angharad-price/
 876. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/angus-and-robertson-classics/
 877. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ann-sung-hi-lee/
 878. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anna-funder/
 879. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anna-kim/
 880. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anna-seghers/
 881. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anne-bronte/
 882. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anne-garreta/
 883. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/annette-von-droste-hulshoff/
 884. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/annie-m-g-schmidt/
 885. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/annual-awards/
 886. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/annual-lists/
 887. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/antal-szerb/
 888. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anthony-briggs/
 889. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/anthony-trollope/
 890. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/antonio-munoz-molina/
 891. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/antonio-skarmeta/
 892. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arcadia-books/
 893. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/archipelago-books/
 894. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/argentina/
 895. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/armadillo-central/
 896. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arnold-zable/
 897. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arnon-grunberg/
 898. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arthur-schnitzler/
 899. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arto-paasilinna/
 900. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/arundhati-roy/
 901. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/asia-publishers/
 902. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/asko-sahlberg/
 903. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/atef-abu-saif/
 904. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/atlantic-books/
 905. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/audur-ava-olafsdottir/
 906. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/australia/
 907. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/austria/
 908. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/a-la-recherche-du-temps-perdu/
 909. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/agust-borgthor-sverrisson/
 910. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alvaro-bisama/
 911. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/alvaro-colomer/
 912. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eric-faye/
 913. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bae-suah/
 914. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/baek-sin-ae/
 915. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/banana-yoshimoto/
 916. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bbaw/
 917. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bbaw-2011/
 918. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bclt/
 919. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/belgium/
 920. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ben-elton/
 921. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bernard-turle/
 922. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bernardo-atxaga/
 923. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/birgit-vanderbeke/
 924. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bloomsbury-australia/
 925. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/brazil/
 926. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/brian-magee/
 927. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bruce-and-ju-chan-fulton/
 928. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/bruce-fulton/
 929. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/btba-2015/
 930. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/c-y-gopinath/
 931. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cahier-series/
 932. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/can-xue/
 933. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/canada/
 934. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/carlos-busqued/
 935. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/carlos-gamerro/
 936. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/carmen-boullosa/
 937. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/carrie-tiffany/
 938. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/catalonia/
 939. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cesar-aira/
 940. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cees-nooteboom/
 941. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/choe-in-ho/
 942. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/choe-yun/
 943. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/chae-man-sik/
 944. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/challenges/
 945. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/charles-dickens/
 946. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/charles-ferdinand-ramuz/
 947. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/charlotte-bronte/
 948. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/chile/
 949. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/china/
 950. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cho-chongnae/
 951. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cho-myung-hui/
 952. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/cho-se-hui/
 953. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/chris-barnard/
 954. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/christa-wolf/
 955. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/christos-tsiolkas/
 956. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/clarice-lispector/
 957. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/clemens-meyer/
 958. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/colas-gutman/
 959. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/colombia/
 960. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/columbia-university-press/
 961. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/comma-press/
 962. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/conrad-ferdinand-meyer/
 963. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/croatia/
 964. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/czech-republic/
 965. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/d-h-lawrence/
 966. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dag-solstad/
 967. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dalkey-archive/
 968. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dan-holloway/
 969. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/daniel-kehlmann/
 970. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/das-schlos/
 971. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/david-malouf/
 972. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/david-milnes/
 973. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/david-mitchell/
 974. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dasa-drndic/
 975. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/deep-vellum-press/
 976. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/democratic-republic-of-congo/
 977. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/denmark/
 978. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/der-kanon/
 979. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dewi-lestari/
 980. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/diego-marani/
 981. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/dirk-schumer/
 982. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/donald-keene/
 983. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/duncan-hewitt/
 984. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/e-l-konigsburg/
 985. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/e-m-forster/
 986. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/e-t-a-hoffmann/
 987. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eca-de-queiroz/
 988. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/edith-grossman/
 989. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/edith-wharton/
 990. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eduard-von-keyserling/
 991. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eduardo-sacheri/
 992. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/effi-briest/
 993. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eka-kurniawan/
 994. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eleanor-catton/
 995. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eleanor-dark/
 996. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elena-ferrante/
 997. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elias-khoury/
 998. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elizabeth-gaskell/
 999. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elizabeth-jolley/
1000. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elliot-perlman/
1001. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elvira-dones/
1002. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/elvira-navarro/
1003. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/emily-bronte/
1004. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/emilys-reviews/
1005. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/england/
1006. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/enrique-vila-matas/
1007. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/equatorial-guinea/
1008. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/erich-kastner/
1009. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/erich-maria-remarque/
1010. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ernst-haffner/
1011. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/erwin-mortier/
1012. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/esther-allen/
1013. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eugen-ruge/
1014. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/euripides/
1015. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/europa-editions/
1016. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/eva-furnari/
1017. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/evelio-rosero/
1018. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/faroe-islands/
1019. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fflur-dafydd/
1020. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/finland/
1021. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fiona-capp/
1022. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fiona-mcgregor/
1023. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fiona-robyn/
1024. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fiston-mwanza-mujila/
1025. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fitzcarraldo-editions/
1026. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/france/
1027. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/franco-nasi/
1028. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/franz-kafka/
1029. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/friedrich-christian-delius/
1030. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/friedrich-durrenmatt/
1031. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/friedrich-schiller/
1032. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/frisch-co/
1033. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fumiko-enchi/
1034. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fusion-lit-bistro/
1035. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/fyodor-dostoyevsky/
1036. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gabriel-garcia-marquez/
1037. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gallic-books/
1038. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gao-xingjian/
1039. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/garry-jenkins/
1040. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gohril-gabrielsen/
1041. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gunter-grass/
1042. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/george-eliot/
1043. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/george-negus/
1044. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/georges-simenon/
1045. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/georgi-vladimov/
1046. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gerald-murnane/
1047. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gerbrand-bakker/
1048. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gerhart-hauptmann/
1049. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/german-literature-month/
1050. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/germany/
1051. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/glenda-crosling/
1052. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gottfried-keller/
1053. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/granta/
1054. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/greece/
1055. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gudrun-eva-minervudottir/
1056. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/guest-post/
1057. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/gyrdir-eliasson/
1058. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hailji/
1059. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/halldor-laxness/
1060. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hamid-ismailov/
1061. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/han-kang/
1062. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hanna-krall/
1063. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hanne-orstavik/
1064. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/haruki-murakami/
1065. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/haruo-shirane/
1066. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hassan-blassim/
1067. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hector-abad/
1068. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hedin-bru/
1069. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/heinrich-boll/
1070. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/heinrich-heine/
1071. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/heinrich-mann/
1072. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/heinrich-von-kleist/
1073. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/helen-garner/
1074. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/helen-humphreys/
1075. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/helen-murphy/
1076. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/henry-james/
1077. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/herman-melville/
1078. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/herta-muller/
1079. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hesperus-press/
1080. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hiromi-kawakami/
1081. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hispabooks/
1082. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hitomi-kanehara/
1083. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/homer/
1084. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/honore-de-balzac/
1085. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hoperoad-publishing/
1086. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hubert-mingarelli/
1087. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hungary/
1088. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hwang-sok-yong/
1089. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hwang-sun-won/
1090. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hyun-jin-geon/
1091. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/hyun-ki-young/
1092. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ian-mcewan/
1093. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iceland/
1094. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iffp-2012/
1095. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iffp-2013/
1096. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iffp-2014/
1097. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iffp-2015/
1098. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/imma-monso/
1099. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/india/
1100. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/indigenous-literature-week/
1101. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/indonesia/
1102. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/influences/
1103. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/inga-abele/
1104. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iosi-havilio/
1105. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/iraq/
1106. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ireland/
1107. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ismail-kadare/
1108. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/israel/
1109. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/istros-books/
1110. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/italy/
1111. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ivan-morris/
1112. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/james-joyce/
1113. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jan-van-mersbergen/
1114. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jane-austen/
1115. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/janet-frame/
1116. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jang-eun-jin/
1117. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/january-in-japan/
1118. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/japan/
1119. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/javier-marias/
1120. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jay-rubin/
1121. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jachym-topol/
1122. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jerome-ferrari/
1123. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jon-kalman-stefansson/
1124. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jean-jacques-sempe/
1125. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jean-marie-blas-de-robles/
1126. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jeffrey-greene/
1127. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jenny-erpenbeck/
1128. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jeremias-gotthelf/
1129. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jiri-hajicek/
1130. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jo-kyung-ran/
1131. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/joaquin-perez-azaustre/
1132. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe/
1133. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/johanna-spyri/
1134. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jonas-jonasson/
1135. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jorge-luis-borges/
1136. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jose-carlos-llop/
1137. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jose-saramago/
1138. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/joseph-conrad/
1139. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/joseph-roth/
1140. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/joseph-von-eichendorff/
1141. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/juan-gabriel-vasquez/
1142. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/juan-pablo-villalobos/
1143. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/juan-tomas-avila-laurel/
1144. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/judith-hermann/
1145. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/judith-schalansky/
1146. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/julia-franck/
1147. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/julian-barnes/
1148. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/junichiro-tanizaki/
1149. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jung-mi-kyung/
1150. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jung-young-moon/
1151. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/jung-myung-lee/
1152. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/k-fiction-series/
1153. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kamel-daoud/
1154. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kang-kyung-ae/
1155. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/karl-ove-knausgaard/
1156. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/katherine-mansfield/
1157. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/katie-slade/
1158. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kazuo-ishiguro/
1159. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kari-gislason/
1160. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kenji-miyazawa/
1161. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kenji-nakagami/
1162. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kenzaburo-oe/
1163. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/keri-hulme/
1164. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/khaled-khalifa/
1165. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-chi-won/
1166. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-dong-in/
1167. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-in-suk/
1168. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-joo-young/
1169. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-min-suk/
1170. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-na-cheon/
1171. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-sa-ryang/
1172. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-scott/
1173. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-won-il/
1174. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-young-ha/
1175. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kim-yu-jeong/
1176. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kobo-abe/
1177. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kong-chi-yong/
1178. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kong-son-ok/
1179. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kristin-omarsdottir/
1180. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kristina-carlson/
1181. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kuniko-mukoda/
1182. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kurodahan-press/
1183. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kyung-sook-shin/
1184. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/kyokai/
1185. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/larissa-behrendt/
1186. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/latvia/
1187. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/laurent-binet/
1188. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/laszlo-krasznahorkai/
1189. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lebanon/
1190. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lee-hyo-seok/
1191. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lee-ki-ho/
1192. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/leila-s-chudori/
1193. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lena-christ/
1194. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/leo-tolstoy/
1195. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/library-of-korean-literature/
1196. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lily-yulianti-farid/
1197. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lloyd-jones/
1198. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lontar-foundation/
1199. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lorenzo-mediano/
1200. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/lti-korea/
1201. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/luciano-de-crescenzo/
1202. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/luisge-martin/
1203. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ma-jian/
1204. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/machi-tawara/
1205. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maclehose-press/
1206. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maike-wetzel/
1207. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/man-booker-international-prize-2016/
1208. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/manuel-rivas/
1209. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maria-duenas/
1210. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marcel-ayme/
1211. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marcel-proust/
1212. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marcello-fois/
1213. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marcos-giralt-torrente/
1214. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/margaret-oliphant/
1215. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maria-barbal/
1216. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marie-ndiaye/
1217. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marie-von-ebner-eschenbach/
1218. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marija-knezevic/
1219. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marinko-koscec/
1220. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mario-vargas-llosa/
1221. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marleigh-ryan/
1222. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/marlene-van-niekerk/
1223. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mathias-enard/
1224. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/matthias-politycki/
1225. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maureen-freely/
1226. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/maurice-gee/
1227. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/melbourne-writers-festival-2013/
1228. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/melbourne-writers-festival-2014/
1229. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/melbourne-writers-festival-2015/
1230. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/merethe-lindstrom/
1231. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/merwin-asia/
1232. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mexico/
1233. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/michael-emmerich/
1234. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/michel-deon/
1235. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/michel-tournier/
1236. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/michela-murgia/
1237. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mieko-kanai/
1238. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/miguel-de-cervantes/
1239. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/miguel-syjuco/
1240. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mikael-niemi/
1241. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mike-gayle/
1242. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mikhail-shishkin/
1243. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/miklos-banffy/
1244. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/milan-kundera/
1245. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/milena-michiko-flasar/
1246. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/miles-franklin/
1247. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/minae-mizumura/
1248. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/mircea-cartarescu/
1249. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/moldova/
1250. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/monthly/
1251. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/murasaki-shikibu/
1252. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/music-literature/
1253. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/my-struggle/
1254. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/na-do-hyang/
1255. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nagai-kafu/
1256. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/naja-marie-aidt/
1257. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/natsume-soseki/
1258. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/neapolitan-novels/
1259. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/neil-gaiman/
1260. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/netherlands/
1261. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/new-directions/
1262. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/new-vessel-press/
1263. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/new-zealand/
1264. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nick-earls/
1265. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nick-hornby/
1266. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nicolas-casariego/
1267. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/nikolai-gogol/
1268. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/norway/
1269. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/o-chong-hui/
1270. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ogai-mori/
1271. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/oh-han-ki/
1272. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/oleg-pavlov/
1273. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/oleg-zaionchkovsky/
1274. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/onesuch-press/
1275. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/open-letter/
1276. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/orhan-pamuk/
1277. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/osamu-dazai/
1278. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/other-press/
1279. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ouyang-yu/
1280. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ox-and-pigeon/
1281. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/paco-ignacio-taibo-ii/
1282. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/palestine/
1283. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/parallel-stories/
1284. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/park-hyoung-su/
1285. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/park-min-gyu/
1286. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/park-wan-suh/
1287. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/patrick-modiano/
1288. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/patrick-white/
1289. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/paul-auster/
1290. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/paul-griffiths/
1291. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pawel-huelle/
1292. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-nadas/
1293. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pedro-mairal/
1294. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peirene-press/
1295. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/penguin/
1296. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/per-petterson/
1297. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peru/
1298. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pete-davies/
1299. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-barry/
1300. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-carey/
1301. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-handke/
1302. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-owen-publishers/
1303. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/peter-stamm/
1304. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/philippe-claudel/
1305. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pia-juul/
1306. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pierre-gripari/
1307. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pitigtrilli/
1308. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pm-press/
1309. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/poland/
1310. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/portobello-books/
1311. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/portugal/
1312. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pramoedya-ananta-toer/
1313. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/profile-books/
1314. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pushkin-childrens-books/
1315. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/pushkin-press/
1316. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rainer-maria-rilke/
1317. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/random/
1318. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/raymond-jean/
1319. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rene-goscinny/
1320. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/republic-of-the-congo/
1321. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rereading-july/
1322. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/review/
1323. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/richard-osborne/
1324. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/richard-weihe/
1325. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/robert-walser/
1326. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/roberto-bolano/
1327. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/robin-lane-fox/
1328. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/roddy-doyle/
1329. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rodrigo-de-souza-leao/
1330. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rohinton-mistry/
1331. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/romania/
1332. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/rome/
1333. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/royall-tyler/
1334. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/russia/
1335. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ryu-murakami/
1336. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ryunosuke-akutagawa/
1337. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/salman-rushdie/
1338. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/santiago-gamboa/
1339. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sarah-moss/
1340. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sarah-waters/
1341. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sayed-kashua/
1342. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/scotland/
1343. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/scribe-publications/
1344. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sei-shonagon/
1345. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/serbia/
1346. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sergio-pitol/
1347. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/seven-stories-press/
1348. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/shimei-futabatei/
1349. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/shusaku-endo/
1350. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sinon-antoon/
1351. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sjon/
1352. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/small-stations-press/
1353. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/so-yong-un/
1354. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sofi-oksanen/
1355. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sophocles/
1356. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/south-africa/
1357. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/south-korea/
1358. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/spain/
1359. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/spanish-lit-month/
1360. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/stefan-zweig/
1361. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/stefanie-de-velasco/
1362. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/steve-sem-sandberg/
1363. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/steven-carroll/
1364. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/stone-bridge-press/
1365. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/stork-press/
1366. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/suki-kim/
1367. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/susan-bernofsky/
1368. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sweden/
1369. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/switzerland/
1370. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/sybille-lewitscharoff/
1371. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/syria/
1372. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tadeusz-rozewicz/
1373. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/takehiko-fukunaga/
1374. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/teju-cole/
1375. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/telegram-books/
1376. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/teru-miyamoto/
1377. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/text-classics/
1378. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/text-publishing/
1379. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-barchester-chronicles/
1380. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-carlingford-chronicles/
1381. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-glenroy-trilogy/
1382. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-grimm-brothers/
1383. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-melbourne-trilogy/
1384. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-palliser-novels/
1385. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-philipines/
1386. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-sea-of-fertility-tetralogy/
1387. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-tale-of-genji/
1388. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-transylvanian-trilogy/
1389. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/the-trilogy-of-the-rat/
1390. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thea-astley/
1391. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/theodor-fontane/
1392. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/theodor-storm/
1393. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-bannerhed/
1394. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-bernhard/
1395. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-hardy/
1396. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-harper/
1397. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/thomas-mann/
1398. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tim-winton/
1399. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/timur-vermes/
1400. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tom-keneally/
1401. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tomas-gonzalez/
1402. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tommy-wieringa/
1403. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tomoyuki-hoshino/
1404. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/toni-marques/
1405. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tony-parsons/
1406. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tove-jansson/
1407. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/trinidad-and-tobago/
1408. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/tristan-garcia/
1409. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/turkey/
1410. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/two-lines-press/
1411. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ukraine/
1412. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/ulrich-hub/
1413. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/umberto-eco/
1414. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/uncategorized/
1415. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/uzbekistan/
1416. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/v-s-naipaul/
1417. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/valeria-luiselli/
1418. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/various-authors/
1419. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/veronique-olmi/
1420. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/verso-books/
1421. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/vikram-seth/
1422. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/viola-di-grado/
1423. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/virginia-woolf/
1424. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/vladimir-lorchenkov/
1425. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/voltaire/
1426. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/w-g-sebald/
1427. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/wahei-tatematsu/
1428. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/wales/
1429. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/wieslaw-mysliwski/
1430. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/wilkie-collins/
1431. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/will-ferguson/
1432. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/william-makepeace-thackeray/
1433. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/william-shakespeare/
1434. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/witi-ihimaera/
1435. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/women-in-translation-month/
1436. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/women-writers-month/
1437. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/word-awareness/
1438. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/xu-zechen/
1439. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yan-ge/
1440. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yan-lianke/
1441. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yang-gui-ja/
1442. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yasmina-reza/
1443. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yasunari-kawabata/
1444. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yasushi-inoue/
1445. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yi-kwang-su/
1446. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yi-mun-yol/
1447. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yi-sang/
1448. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yoko-ogawa/
1449. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yoko-tawada/
1450. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yom-sang-seop/
1451. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/youngmin-kwon/
1452. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/your-face-tomorrow/
1453. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yuka-igarashi/
1454. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yukio-mishima/
1455. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/yuichi-seirai/
1456. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/zulmira-ribeiro-tavares/
1457. https://tonysreadinglist.wordpress.com/category/o-no-yasumaro/
1458. https://wordpress.com/?ref=footer_website
1459. https://wordpress.com/themes/plane/
1460. javascript:void(0)
1461. https://wordpress.com/?ref=lof
1462. file:///home/ctay/cs432/Asst3/source871.txt

   Hidden links:
1464. https://www.facebook.com/tonys.list
