   [1]Coaching with style

     * [2]Blog
     * [3]About
     * [4]Contact
     * [5]Mentoring Program

[6]HAppiness, Exercise, Nutrition, and Sleep: How They All Relate, Part III

   2/15/2016

   [7]0 Comments

   Picture
   ​Sleep and Happiness
   ​
   Sleep is crucial to our well-being and health. There is a huge amount
   of evidence that supports the recommendation that adults should
   typically get 8 hours of sleep per night. Recent research done by the
   University of Chicago found that sleep improves memory retention and
   learning new tasks. There was another study by Smaldone et al. from
   2007 that examined the effects of sleep on well-being. There were
   68,418 participants, children and adolescents included, that completed
   journal entries and questionnaires. It was found that inadequate sleep
   was associated with family issues, school troubles, physical problems,
   and depressive symptoms.
   The findings are sad due to our increasingly fast-paced society and
   high-pressure school environments that create a challenge for us to
   enough sleep each day. There was a study done in 1960 by the American
   Cancer Society, 1 million participants were involved, that concluded
   that the median amount of sleep at that time was 8 hours. As of 2008
   the number has decreased to only 6.7 hours a night.
   Obesity and diabetes has been associated with sleep deprivation.
   Multiple studies on sleep deprivation in healthy young adults indicate
   that it is associated with up to a 40 % impairment in memory, thinking
   speed, reaction time, and cognitive ability. Sleep deprivation has also
   been associated with mood instability and may to lead to over-reactions
   and impairment of judgement.
   As I close up this 3-Part Blog on happiness, we find that there is a
   great amount of evidence showing that exercise, good nutrition, and
   sleep are associated with our improved mental well-being and, in most
   cases, reduced depression and anxiety There is still some controversy
   as to whether these three factors actually cause improved mental
   well-being or are that those with a greater mental well-being are
   simply more likely to exercise, sleep well, and maintain a balanced
   diet. The answer in my personal opinion, from my personal experience,
   is that exercise, good nutrition, and sleep IMPROVE our mental
   well-being.
   When I started my journey, I was in a place I had never been before. I
   was depressed, lost, consistently suffering from severe anxiety. My
   nutrition was terrible, I did NOT exercise, and my sleep was about 3 to
   4 hours a night. It took everything I had to make the changes I did,
   but since doing so, I’m happier, less to no anxiety, no more depressive
   symptoms, and I feel like I can take on any challenge in my path.
   In fact, the end of 2015 I let myself go and I stopped exercising, my
   eating was horrid, and my sleep was lacking again. As of January 4th,
   2016 I pushed myself to get back to my routine. Again, I was feeling
   depressed, angry, my anxiety made a comeback, and I hated looking at
   myself. Since starting my journey again. I feel amazing. I have drive,
   motivation, no more depressive symptoms, and my anxiety is on its way
   out, AGAIN! So, why not join me on this journey of your happiness and
   mental well-being? I would love to work with you to help you get
   yourself to where you WANT to be.
     __________________________________________________________________

   [8]0 Comments

[9]Happiness, Exercise, Nutrition, and Sleep: How They All RElate, Part II

   2/8/2016

   [10]0 Comments

   Picture
   Nutrition and Happiness
   As of today there are not many studies researching the effects of
   nutrition and diet on our mental well-being. Although, the few studies
   that have been done suggest that nutrition plays an important role in
   our mental well-being and that poor nutrition can negatively affect
   mental health.
   ​
   The human diet consists of 3 major components: protein, carbohydrates,
   and fats. Fats are crucial and play a VERY important role in the
   structure and function of the body. Unsaturated fats are further
   divided into several categories and include the Omega 3 and Omega 6
   groups. Basically, Omega 3’s are anti-inflammatory and Omega 6’s are
   pro-inflammatory. The diet here in America is rather high in Omega 6’s
   and low in Omega 3’s; this leads to high levels of inflammatory disease
   in our population. Now, the Mediterranean diet is rather high in Omega
   3’s and has been shown to reduces rates of Cardiovascular Disease by 30
   percent. Depression is associated with inflammation and it follows that
   decreasing inflammation by improving this balance can alleviate
   symptoms.
   A study by Grosse et al. (2014) confirmed that supplementation of Omega
   3 fatty acids is an effective treatment in patients with depression.
   Omega 3’s also appears to have a direct effect on the brain. Evidence
   shows that Omega 3’s may prevent the development of dementia, and that
   Omega 3’s have a role in the treatment of ADHD (Fares et al., 2014).
   Another study by Hakkarainen et al. in 2004 examined the impact of diet
   on the mental health of 29, 133 older male smokers, who logged their
   daily meals. It was found that greater consumption of processed foods
   such as margarine and other junk foods with high levels of saturated
   fats and relatively low levels of Omega 3 fatty acids was associated
   with increased depression, anxiety, and insomnia. Also, consider the
   anecdotal study conducted in the movie Fast Food Nutrition that
   demonstrated alarming health consequences for the one subject who
   ingested nothing but McDonald’s food for 30 days.
   Sugar is another nutritional factor that affects our mental and
   physical well-being. It comes in many different forms, but no matter
   the form of added sugar, it is generally unhealthy. The most common
   forms are table sugar, beet sugar, honey, agave, high fructose corn
   syrup, and brown rice syrup.
   We must remember that sugar, as glucose, provides our body with a fast
   source of energy. Although, too much sugar causes problems. It can lead
   to direct stimulation of the brain by triggering the release of
   dopamine, the “feel-good” neurotransmitter. The effects of sugar on the
   brain actually resembles that of highly addictive drugs like cocaine.
   This could explain why we crave something sweet when we are stressed,
   instead of craving broccoli.
   The consumption of simple sugars triggers large and rapid release of
   insulin, a hormone that lowers blood sugar levels. This natural
   response makes you hungrier, slows down your metabolism, and increases
   your body’s storage of fats. Even though fruits and vegetables contain
   sugars, they are complex and not broken down as quickly and easily.
   These complex sugars are bound to fiber, which slows down their
   absorption and blunts the insulin response.
   Research indicates that reducing simple sugar intake can even improve
   ADHD symptoms. If you are looking to balance your blood sugars, it is
   recommended by doctors and nutritionists to combine healthy sources of
   protein (meats, eggs, or beans), fats (coconut oil, nuts, or avocado),
   and carbs (fruits, vegetables, or whole grains) with each meal.
   [11]0 Comments

[12]Happiness, Exercise, Nutrition, and Sleep: How They All Relate, Part I

   1/31/2016

   [13]0 Comments

   Picture
   Exercise and Happiness
   When you complete a great workout or run, how do you feel? Most likely
   you feel amazing. This is because exercise causes our body to release
   endorphins, known as the “feel-good” chemical in the brain. There have
   been multiple studies done that found that there is a massive
   association between exercise and improved mood and mental well-being.
   Researchers that have studied exercise consistently found that there is
   a positive impact on mood. There have been some researchers that argue
   that exercise acts as a diversion from negative thoughts, while others
   argue that exercise improves mood by personal growth and goal
   attainment, which results from efforts to aster a physical skill. There
   is research evidence that also shows that social interaction, such as
   with team and groups, contributes the satisfaction of an individual,
   leading to mood enhancement.
   Exercise has also been studied as an alternative treatment to the
   anti-depressant medication and cognitive-behavioral health currently
   used to treat depression. According to the Cochran Review, 23 studies
   were rigorously selected amongst a pool of over 100 studies. The
   collective evidence concluded that exercise has a “large clinical
   impact” on depression.
   Another study done by Blumenthal et al. compared exercise to a commonly
   prescribed anti-depressant (Zoloft) in older adults experiencing
   clinical depression. They found that both treatments were equally
   effective in reducing depressive symptoms.
   ​
   The above evidence supports exercise as being beneficial in our
   happiness and mental well-being, in my opinion. I am looking forward to
   new studies in this area to learn more.
   [14]0 Comments

[15]Failure Is Not An Option....

   1/20/2016

   [16]3 Comments

   Picture
   ​Many of you do NOT know why I became a coach with Beachbody, or why I
   remain to work as a coach, despite my digression. Well, here is
   everything you would like to know about my story as a coach.

   Back in January of 2013 my cousin had order a challenge pack for me.
   She knew that I had been trying to lose my post baby weight and was
   struggling The challenge pack consisted of Les Mills Combat and a
   month’s supply of Chocolate Shakeology.

   I started the program, but got about 2 weeks in and gave up. I felt
   like I was never going to finish it with 2 toddlers at home, a
   Kindergartner, homework for myself, a household to manage, and
   sleeping. So, I gave up. I continued with the shakes, but couldn't see
   paying so much for it. So....me being so smart and a genius....thought,
   "Hey, why don't I just use shakes from GNC. I bet I can find something
   comparable for cheaper."

   So I did...for a WHOLE YEAR! Guess what?? I found NOTHING! There were
   some things that sounded close, but I would have still had to spend an
   extra hundred or two just to add the rest to it every month. That was
   more than one bag of Shakeology. So, I decided I would become a coach,
   at least for the discount, if nothing else.

   February of 2014 I ordered my first challenge pack and signed as a
   coach. I received 21 Day Fix and Strawberry Shakeology. I was in
   HEAVEN. A program that was only 3 weeks long, came with a shaker cup,
   and portion sized color coded containers for my food. I KNEW that this
   was something I could do...and I DID!!! I killed it. I love 5 lbs in 3
   weeks...but the best was that I lost 16 total body inches!!!!

   This made me a believer. I continued with other programs, and worked as
   a coach...building myself to a Diamond Coach (which is a great deal to
   do...and such a great feeling). Shortly after, I lost it...my rank and
   my motivation.

   I gained every pound and inch back. As of January 4th I started my
   journey over, completely...from scratch, EVERYTHING. My weight loss and
   business. You wanna know why I'm still standing, BECAUSE I BELIEVE IN
   THE PRODUCTS AND THIS COMPANY! I know it works, I have done it
   before...and I know for a FACT that I can achieve it again.

   So, I want to open this up to anyone that feels that they are failing
   because they lost what they had worked so hard for. I want to invite
   you to connect with me. We can reach our goals again...and make it
   further this time. We can support and assist one another on this
   journey of life!!!!
     __________________________________________________________________

   [17]3 Comments

[18]Eating To Change Your Moods

   12/2/2015

   [19]0 Comments

   Picture
   Many of us are not fully aware of just how important our diet is to our
   well-being. Did you know that your state of mind id profoundly
   connected to your diet? Well, the foods we choose to eat are the
   building blocks of our body, which includes our brains. Our entire
   body, mind included, is fueled by food, this includes our thoughts and
   emotions.
   ​The modern Western world tends to eat a diet that is high in sugar,
   gluten, omega-6 fatty acids, and toxins. These things have a
   detrimental effect on our brains and therefore effect our mental
   health. This typical diet causes inflammation, which in turn triggers a
   stress response in our brain causing the release of cytokins. When
   these immune system messengers are inappropriately or excessively
   produced they affect our brains ability to receive and process signals
   from other parts of the nervous system. Cytokins are produced in
   response to increased blood sugar levels, consumption of trans fat, and
   changes in the bacteria in the gut. Food allergies may also activate
   the immune system and affect cognition, learning, memory, and mood
   through this same mechanism.
   Refined carbohydrates and high sugar foods causes our pancreas to
   secrete insulin. High insulin levels also creates inflammation. This
   has been linked to many chronic illnesses, such as, heart disease,
   diabetes, and cancer, but also with mental health conditions like
   depression. Sugar can have the same effect on our brain as any
   addictive drug. It causes cravings and withdrawals, plus it can even
   create depression and anxiety symptoms.
   Did you know that gluten and casein, if not properly digested, form a
   morphine-like substance called gluteomorphins and casomorphins? These
   opiate protein fragments can cross the blood-brain barrier and have
   been linked to ADHD and schizophrenia. If you have an allergy to either
   of these things, you should avoid eating products that contain them,
   such as wheat, barley, rye, and animal products.
   When it comes to fats, you should be cautious of the types you eat.
   Omega-3 fatty acids are good fats to intake. They have been utilized in
   treatments for depression and bipolar disorder. Omega-6 fatty acids are
   fats you want to steer clear of. They have associated with many
   negative effects on the brain.
   Did you know that our gut has a nervous system of its own? Well, in
   fact our digestive system plays a major role in our mental state as
   well. The human gut consists of about 100 million nerve cells and uses
   more than 30 neurotransmitters, just like our brain. It is not widely
   known, but about 95% of our body’s serotonin is found in the gut. The
   guts nervous system is so crucial that is has been called “the second
   brain”. The balance between the microbiome (the bacteria in the gut
   that is directly affected by your diet) plays a crucial role in our
   mood and behavior.
   If you would like to learn about how to alter your diet to assist your
   mental health and mood, please feel free to visit [20]PinkRoots
   Coaching. We are now offering 1-On-1 coaching via phone or video chat
   to help you learn about the proper foods to eat and what to stay away
   from to live a balanced and happy life.
   [21]0 Comments

[22]When It's Time To Make Changes

   10/13/2015

   [23]0 Comments

   Picture
   Have you ever felt like everything around you is falling away? As
   though you have completely lost control of your life? You feel lost,
   sad, broken, but aren’t exactly sure what is bringing you down? The air
   around you consistently feels heavy and you constantly feel
   overwhelmed? Yet, at the same time your life is good. You have family
   and friends that love you. You are doing okay financially, you are able
   to pay your bills without much struggle, but you still feel as though
   something is missing. There is just something that places you in this
   place of dissatisfaction in your life.
   ​Are you losing your mind? What could be wrong with you? You have a
   good life, enjoy your job, and love your family and friends. So what
   could it be?
   ​
   Well, honestly, I recently went through something similar. I couldn’t
   pin point what the problem was, constantly looking for something to
   take it away. The uncertainty I felt was consuming me, dragging me
   further down.  Seeing complaints and bitterness all over my Facebook
   timeline, or seeing the complete opposite of only the BEST part of
   someone’s life made me feel worse. Then hearing complaints and
   negativity from those around me physically and eventually hearing
   negative things coming from my mouth. All that ever exited my mouth was
   a complaint about something, noting was ever good enough for me.
   At this point I realized that if I wanted anything about how I felt in
   my own life to change, then I would have to be willing to alter things
   within myself and my life. Negativity only attracts more negativity and
   stress. Stress creates overwhelm, overwhelm creates sadness, sadness
   creates the lack of motivation, and the lack of motivation creates
   feeling of being lost. So, to make these changes that were necessary I
   had to break down each area that got me where I was. Now, don’t get me
   wrong, it’s not easy and it does NOT happen overnight. You just have to
   be open and willing to listen to your inner most deepest NEEDS. This is
   not about the things you want, other than the WANT to be happy in your
   life. By focusing on your NEEDS, your wants will change and become
   less.
   First thing needed to help dig myself out of the hole I found myself in
   was to get motivated again. Motivated to live, not just breathe and
   survive. So, I started with working out again. This helped me
   drastically with my motivation to do more than just survive. It also
   helped with my sadness and feelings of despair. But, I still had other
   aspects to work on.
   It was not time for me to reflect. I had to think back, back to when I
   truly felt happy and free. What was I doing then? How was my though
   process different? What did I believe and practice daily? THAT WAS
   IT!!! That was the major turning point for me. The key that was missing
   was my spirituality. I have always believed that there is more than
   what we physically see. I have seen it, heard it, and felt it.
   Somewhere I lost this belief, or shoved it away while I focused on what
   I thought was more important (which was everything but me). I used to
   meditate daily, do tarot readings for friends and openly allowed spirit
   in my life. All that got blocked, creating anxiety, fear, stress, and
   sadness. I had become someone I didn’t know. Someone sad and filled
   with hate, fear, and jealousy. Jealousy of everyone else who seemed to
   have what I no longer did, HAPPINESS.
   So, the next move for me was to get back to my spiritual beliefs. To
   reconnect with what was more important to me once upon a time. This
   process has been the hardest and longest. I’m still a work in progress
   here. Although much has changed since I began this journey. I have
   begun to feel less stressed, less fear and anxiety, and have begun to
   attract more positive things into my life. Things have been slowly
   falling into place since I started this journey of happiness and
   finding myself once again. There is much work still needed, but I am
   happy with the transformation I have made thus far.
   If you are finding yourself in a lonely, dark and sad place, don’t be
   afraid to reach out to someone. It is a lot of hard work, but it is
   definitely worth it. If you are looking to work with someone to help
   you through, I would love to work with you.
   Life is hard, especially when you feel alone and don’t know where to
   start. So, why not allow someone to help you get started, so you too,
   can have a happier and more simple life experience this time around.
   [24]0 Comments

[25]Proper Nutrition and Exercise Can Keep You Off Medication

   4/10/2015

   [26]0 Comments

   We all have heard about how proper nutrition and physical exercise are
   great for our bodies, but do they play a role in helping to treat or
   control chronic illnesses such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease,
   obesity (in adults and children), and blood pressure? If you or anyone
   know suffers from any of the above, you know just how serious they all
   are. It is crucial that those of us that have family members suffering
   from one of the above illnesses that we begin to do what we can to help
   prevent them from happening to us. Now don’t get me wrong, you can’t
   always prevent something that is inherited, but you can help to get
   numbers lowered and be healthier than our past generations by simply
   educating yourself on specific diseases and how preventable they truly
   are without medications. Remember, medications take their toll on our
   bodies as well. Our lives and kidneys work hard daily to process all
   the toxins and remove them from our bodies, this includes toxins we
   take in through our skin as well, why would you want to add a stress on
   those organs? When you do this you create more of an issue on an
   already hard working organ. This might cause yet more issues later on
   for you, issues that are not connected to what the medication
   originally was prescribed to cover symptoms or “treat”.
   Many are not aware that medications for specific illnesses are not a
   treatment, they are strictly a form used to mask symptoms or to prolong
   your life, but you will have to RELY on these medications for the rest
   of your life. In that time those medications can cause cancer,
   cirrhosis of the liver, kidney failure, and etc. Is it really worth
   doing this to your body if you can start now in the prevention or to
   help lower you numbers so you take in less medications at lowest
   dosages? Well, here is some information for you to read and help you
   understand exactly what healthy nutrition and exercise can do for you.
   Improvement of Quality of Life
   Consistent physical exercise helps to relieve tension, anxiety,
   depression, and anger. Most individuals get a sensation that creates a
   good feeling directly after working out. This, over-time helps to
   improve how one feels as they make exercise a routine in their life.
   The routine would be getting 30 minute works out in 5 days a week. This
   could be 3-10 minute workouts a day, if you don’t have time for a full
   30 minute workout.
   When an individual is not physically active they tend to be at higher
   risk of cardiovascular disease, obesity, and more. There was a study
   done with adults that watched more than 4 hours of television a day,
   they showed to have a 45% chance of an increased risk of death from any
   health cause and an 80% increase risk of death from cardiovascular
   disease. When you choose to become more active you can lower your blood
   pressure and raise your good cholesterol levels.
   When an individual does not partake in physical exercise regularly many
   things happen to the body, in negative ways. The human body slowly
   loses strength, stamina, and the ability to properly function with age
   in one that is not active. Individuals that are physically active and
   at a healthy weight tend to live about 7 years longer than an
   individuals that DOES NOT exercise regularly and that are obese.
   Bone Health
   Many times individuals are not concerned about bone health until it is
   too late. Exercise has been proven to help treat and prevent
   osteoporosis. Bones, like our muscles, are also living tissue which
   responds to exercise by growing stronger. Men and women that begin
   exercising at younger ages generally have great bone mass than those
   that do not. Bone mass tends to peak during our thirties. After this
   time our bodies can start to lose bone. Individuals older than 20 are
   able to prevent bone loss through regular exercise. With exercise we
   are able to maintain or gain muscle strength, coordination, and balance
   which helps us in the prevention of falls and fractures.
   Childhood Obesity
   According to research, after only 3 months, there was a significant
   difference in changes within the body weight, body fat percentage,
   serum total cholesterol levels, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol
   levels, and fitness in the intervention group. At the 1 year follow up
   there were major differences between the intervention group and control
   group in their body weight, BMI, and a large increase in the
   leisure-time physical activity among the intervention group as compared
   to a decrease in the control group. The findings showed that both short
   and long term physical exercise is beneficial among obese children.
   Obesity in Adults
   Prevention and treatment of obesity can be simple with just the change
   of a healthy diet, proper portion control, and physical exercise. The
   physical activity is known to reduce body fat and increase muscle mass,
   therefore it improves your body’s ability to burn more calories.
   Remember, the more muscle, the more calories are burned even when
   resting. One can treat obesity by simply reducing their caloric intake
   making sure to get in 30 minutes of physical exercise 5 days a week.
   Being able to control obesity is crucial, since it is causes one to be
   at a higher risk of other diseases. By simply lowering your BMI you can
   reduce the risk of death and give yourself more years of life.
   Cardiovascular Health (Stroke, Blood Pressure, and Heart Disease)
   According to research fitness programs are more successful then
   nutrition alone, particularly for women. For women there was a
   reduction of the diastolic blood pressure, less obesity, and increased
   fitness translated into a substantial reduction in cardiovascular risk
   in life.
   Physical exercise done regularly helps to keep the heart muscle strong,
   lowers blood pressure, increases the good cholesterol (LDL’s) and
   lowers the bad cholesterol (HDL’s), increases the blood flow, and
   assists the heart to function more efficiently. All of this helps in
   the reduction of stroke, heart disease, and high blood pressure.
   Type II Diabetes
   Type II Diabetes has risen by about 62% since 1990, which is not
   something we should brag about as it affects about 17 million
   Americans. Physical exercise is known to help with weight loss and
   therefore will help with the prevention or control of this disease. By
   simply losing weight one can increase their sensitivity to insulin,
   improve their blood sugar levels, improve their cholesterol levels, and
   help reduce their blood pressure. All of these things are very
   important to control in an individual with diabetes. According to a
   study by Frank Hy, MD, it was found that simply walking briskly for one
   hour a day helped to reduce the risk of Type II Diabetes by 34%.
   Back Pain
   By simply incorporating physical exercise that increases muscle
   strengthening and flexibility into your daily routine you can prevent
   or manage chronic back pain. Having good posture and a strong core
   (abdomen) is one of the best ways to fight off back pain.
   Psychological Issues
   Regular physical exercise is known to improve self-esteem, but it also
   causes your body to release endorphins which have been proven to
   improve mood. This feeling is often described as euphoric and followed
   by a positive outlook. Stress, depression, and anxiety can all be
   prevented or treated with daily exercise. When we look at the nutrition
   side of things, anxiety can be prevented and treated by simply adding
   more fresh fruits, vegetables, water, tryptophan rich foods, foods rich
   in magnesium, and omega-3 fatty acids. Be cautious of, and stay away
   from foods that are fried, alcohol, coffee (things with lots of
   caffeine), dairy products, refined sugars, and acid forming foods (eg.,
   yogurt, pickles, eggs, wine, and sour cream).
   As you have read, there are many health benefits of exercise and
   nutrition, not only in prevention, but in treatment of several
   diseases. Recently many individuals that are trying to lose fat are
   turning to procedures to shrink their stomach, all this does is simply
   cause you to eat less, which is not always good either. Our bodies need
   a specific amount of nutrients that are better absorbed through foods
   (vegetables and fruits). Then there are others that turn to the “easy”
   and “quick” way to lose weight, diet pills.
   This topic is something that I have been hearing about more and more.
   These “fixes” create more health issues than you could know. Many are
   packed with more caffeine than the human heart can handle, which over
   time will cause one to suffer from a stroke or heart attack. Many of
   these pills have been known to cause issues with the thyroid, or
   destroy it all together, making weight loss even harder. The BEST and
   SAFEST way to get HEALTHY is through proper diet and exercise. If you
   are unsure where to start, please feel free to contact me. I would love
   to help you get started and learn more about what you can do to start
   changing your health and body.
   [27]0 Comments

[28]How A Child Is Motivated In Their Food Choices

   4/10/2015

   [29]0 Comments

   One of the most crucial things an individual faces in life is food
   choice. It is necessary for survival to be motivated to choose foods
   that are nutritious, safe, and yet appetizing. People spend a large
   amount of their time consuming and choosing their foods every day.
   There is much involved in the food selection process, such as, the
   search for the food, the proper selection, the preparation, and even
   the ingestion of the food (Rozin, 1990). Each action takes up a major
   part of one’s day. Food choices may be a challenge for people, since
   there are a variety of foods to choose from (Rozin via Shutts, Kinzler,
   & DeJesus, 2013). Whether a food is edible or not is one of the most
   crucial choices facing children during their choice making process.
   With all of the options available, what motivates a child to choose the
   food that would be best for them?
   Eating tends to be a very personal action; it can jeopardize the
   individual as it introduces outside foods into the body. One source
   that has been proven to be linked to pleasure for humans is food, and
   in the U.S. it is many times the source of fear as it has been said to
   be a fattener of human bodies or even as a carcinogen carrier (Rozin,
   1990). The choice of food has been associated with cognitive
   associations, like that of knowledge and attitude, as opposed to other
   biological needs.
   No matter the meaning and intricacy of the food choice, developmental
   psychologists have not yet given much attention to the study of how
   children may regard, learn about, and make sense of food (Shutts,
   Kinzler, & DeJesus, 2013). There has not been much time spent on the
   study of food choices in children. There are, however, current articles
   that state that children utilize many beneficial means to back their
   capacity to make proper food choices beginning in early age. This shows
   that children are able to learn, on their own, about things that are
   edible and things that are not. Past research has revealed that
   children will demonstrate disadvantages when it comes to food
   expertise. An example is from research done by Shutts, Kinzler, &
   DeJesus (2013) explaining that toddlers more times than not will choose
   to consume dangerous foods. By simply establishing models of
   individual, social, and environmental influences on food choices, there
   may be the possibility to promote healthy eating habits. Other studies
   have shown that food availability and economic resources to acquire
   food is a center determinant of food selection (Michela & Contento,
   1986). Although, according to Ferguson, Contreras, and Kilburn (2014),
   children between the ages of 3 and 6 will choose foods depending on
   advertising, while older children make choices dependent upon their
   parents influence.
   As humans we are considered omnivores, which means that our systems can
   handle a variety of foods. We are able to eat a wide range of different
   types of foods, there may still be some risks involved, since there is
   still the chance of consuming toxic foods or the possibility of eating
   an imbalanced diet (Rozin, 1990). Due to these reasons it is important
   that individuals learn what foods are healthy and edible and what is
   not, what amounts each can be ingested and with what. As an example,
   corn is an incomplete food, but is considered a good food, even though
   it is low in amino acids. If one were to eat corn and beans together
   then they would meet the need of amino acids and protein necessary.
   Adequate food choice is very important and crucial to the survival of
   humans and so the issue arises as to what is edible and what is not. It
   is important that individuals are able to avoid toxins and learn to eat
   a balanced diet that must be learned early on in life. In the first 3
   months of life people live off of milk or formula as their source of
   proper nutrition, but this can later create complex choices. The
   choices will contain both edible and dangerous items. People teach
   their children about food and food choices, but are they teaching them
   nutritiously healthy choices (Rozin, 1990)? Children struggle while
   learning what foods are edible and safe, but it is crucial to their
   health and well-being. This can create one parent-child issues through
   out early life, usually between the ages of 2 and 5 (Rozin, 1990). It
   has been shown that children in the younger years, between the ages of
   3 and 6 are influenced by advertising of foods, as opposed to the older
   aged children whom are more influenced my parental and peer influence
   (Ferguson, Contreras, & Kilburn, 2014).
   The influence that advertising has on the unhealthy choices of foods in
   children has been a topic of concern for many years. The American
   Psychological Association has advised that advertising could have
   harmful effects on children’s healthy eating (American Psychology
   Association, via Ferguson, Contreras, & Kilburn, 2014). Exposure to
   unhealthy food advertisements has proven to encourage younger aged
   children to make unhealthy food choices. There have been studies done
   proving that food choices and advertising influence children depending
   upon where they are developmentally. Parental influence seems to be
   more prominent in middle aged childhood and peer influence seems to
   more prominent in older childhood (Ferguson, Contreras, & Kilburn,
   2014).
   When a child is given the opportunity to choose their own food, what
   would be the biggest influence in their choice? It will be hypothesized
   that the majority of children will make food choices dependent upon
   their own opinion of the look, taste, or texture with little
   consideration to parental or advertising influence. Studies that were
   done with adults had shown that taste appeal or sensory appeal is a
   main factor when making food choices, dependent upon ones likes and
   dislikes (Michela & Contento, 1986). The belief that a food may be
   nutritious seemed to also play a role in the food choice process.
   Children might determine the foods they eat due to the colors of the
   food or how it looks. If the food is something that a child has had
   prior, they may determine whether they will eat it again due to texture
   and taste from their more recent experience. Some children may not
   choose specific foods that had been introduced during a traumatic
   period. For instance, if a child ate spaghetti then got sick shortly
   after causing them to vomit, they may feel negatively about this food.
   This situation creates a negative reaction to the food and may prevent
   them from choosing that food the next time it is offered.
   Review of Literature Used as Research
   Makings choices in food is something that is very crucial to the
   livelihood of all individuals. Understanding what influences and
   motives children’s choices in food can help to decrease childhood
   obesity as well as other health consequences due to lack of nutrients
   in the body. There are several things that could influence food choices
   in children, such as advertising and media messages, parental guidance
   or social influence, and taste, texture, and the look of specific foods
   (Ferguson, Contreras, & Kilburn, 2014; Michela & Contero, 1986; Rozin,
   1990; Shutts, Kinzler, & DeJesus, 2013). The study would research the
   food choices made by children through questionnaires sent to families
   determining what motivates the choices of food by the children when on
   their own accord. It will be hypothesized that children will make their
   food choices dependent upon their own opinion of the look, taste, or
   texture with little consideration to parental or advertising influence.
   The research article by Michela and Contero (1986) focused their
   research on three different aspects of food choices by children.
   Preference had previously been studied and was found to be a
   determining factor in children’s food choices. Michela and Contero
   (1986) wanted to incorporate the basis of cognitive and motivation in
   food choices, the influence of personal and environmental factors, and
   the differences in cognition levels in children and the impact it had
   on food choices. It was hypothesized that children were generally
   unaware of health or any consequences of foods besides the taste, or
   possibly environmental factors, as contributions to the choices made in
   their foods (Michela & Contero, 1986).
   The study utilized a total of 107 elementary school children, aged from
   5 to 13 years. The participants were 60 girls and 47 boys. Those that
   were from the suburban school were predominantly white and were middle
   class to upper-middle class; those from the urban school were split
   evenly between white and non-white students that were lower to middle
   class (Michela & Contero, 1986). Most of the students in the study were
   found to select foods they believed to be tasty or healthful. Michela
   and Contero (1986) sought additional evidence on the motivational
   aspect, which had shown that health concerns or foods thought be
   healthier were preferred and chosen more. This research put an emphasis
   on the importance of food choices by children and the reasons behind
   the choices they make.
   The article by Rozin (1990) was written in order to draw attention to
   the importance that food, eating, and food choices have on society and
   developmental psychology. It was stated that individuals develop
   internalizations (likes and dislikes), category formation (edible or
   inedible), cognitive-affective relationship (disgust and contagion),
   communication of preferences, and transition to food independence
   (Rozin, 1990). It was explained that there are two models for how one
   might make their choice of foods in order to fix or prevent nutrient
   deficiencies. One of those models is innate recognition of the needed
   nutrient and the other is the general ability to eat what makes an
   individual feel better, or to avoid what may cause an individual to get
   worse. Rozin (1990) continues to explain that when it comes to learning
   it was not ever researched or clear who one learns to eat foods that
   will help in deficiencies or to prevent deficiencies, other than
   through guidance. As for internalization, it was believed that specific
   items would be accepted or rejected because of liking or disliking due
   to sensory aspects. Those aspects are taste, smell, and appearance.
   Rozin (1990) felt that most rejections and acceptances were motivated
   by reasons that would fall into multiple categories, such as milk could
   be considered tasty and beneficial. It was determined that there is not
   any research in this area which would be important to determine what
   motivates one to make the food choices they make.
   The main point of Rozin’s (1990) article was to bring attention to how
   important food, eating, and food selection are in the social sphere in
   development. Food is at the center of life and remains a crucial role
   in one’s daily life. Many of the issues that are brought up in the
   study of food choice, such as internalization, are among the most
   fundamental in developmental psychology (Rozin, 1990). Since eating is
   important to human activity, food selection is particularly concerning
   when advertising is a major part of society. Since it has been
   determined that food choices are socially learned, it is important to
   determine all aspects of contributors when investigation the motivation
   and influence on food choices.
   Ferguson, Contreras, and Kilburn (2014) chose to examine the influence
   that advertising, fictional media, and parents had on a child’s food
   choice. It had been determined that advertising played some role in the
   influence of food choices, yet it was unclear as to the degree of
   influence when paired with parental guidance. There were four different
   hypothesis in this study in order to determine a more accurate finding.
   The first hypothesis was that children age 3-5 that were exposed to
   unhealthy food advertising would be more apt to choose unhealthy foods,
   but middle aged children would not be influenced as much. The second
   hypothesis was that children exposed to fictional media would not be as
   influenced as with advertising. The third hypothesis was that the
   impact of advertising dropped in the older aged children, as they would
   be more able to process the media messages. The fourth and final
   hypothesis was that parental message moderated the impact advertising
   had on children food choices.
   Ferguson, Contreras, and Kilburn (2014) found that advertising and
   fictional media had an influence on the younger aged children and their
   food choices, yet not with middle aged or older children. In middle
   aged children the parental message had the biggest influence on their
   food choices, as opposed to media message. The younger children were
   more susceptible to media messages when it came to food choices, but by
   middle age had diminished completely (Ferguson, Contreras, & Kilburn,
   2014). This study focused on advertising and how it effects the food
   choices of children, but as it was found, the parental message had the
   most impact which shows us that social learning plays a large part in
   why a child chooses the foods they do.
   A study done by Shutts, Kinzler, and DeJesus (2013) focused on how
   development of social cognition influences food choices. Focus was
   mostly on the influence that other people play in guiding a child’s
   choice in foods. There was a need to understand the patterns of success
   and failures in food choices made by children when left to their own
   devices (Shutts, Kinzler, & DeJesus, 2013). The study wanted to prove
   that social learning contributes greatly to eating and food choice in
   children of all ages. It was hypothesized that “social information
   indicative of cultural differences – in particular, the accent and
   language individuals speak – will have a profound impact on food
   choices” (Shutts, Kinzler, & DeJesus, 2014, p. 421). There were three
   factors that motivated the hypothesis of the authors. Those factors
   were that children follow the accent and language of others, cultures
   tend to differ dramatically in eating habits, and accent and language
   give dependable information about an individual’s social identity.
   Shutts, Kinzler, and DeJesus (2013) found that many times foods are
   rejected in children due to cultural influence, even if the foods have
   been introduced repeatedly. This shows that culture and our social
   setting plays a very important role in the choices a child makes when
   determining what to eat.
   My Personal Opinion
   According to the studies shared above, I feel that we can hypothesize
   that children will make choices in their foods based upon parental and
   cultural influences, taste and texture, and the look of specific foods,
   no so much due to advertising and media influence. Since this is the
   hypothesis that one can come to from the above research, it is
   imperative that, we, as parents not only teach our children then proper
   (healthy) choices in foods, but to be the example. It is crucial that
   we don’t just TELL them what to eat, we must also eat these foods that
   promote as healthy and good. As a child grows, they will learn more
   from out example than our words. Remember, for one to gain true health
   we must also incorporate exercise.
   In order to make sure that we leave our children with a healthy routine
   and the knowledge of proper health we must not just tell them, we must
   live it. Be the healthy and positive example your children need. Would
   you want to teach your child bad habits that could take their life
   early on? Would you want your child to have to bury you at a young age
   because you couldn’t live by what you preached to them? Most likely
   not, I know I wouldn’t like either situation. I want my children to be
   heathy, strong, and be able to share their knowledge with their
   children and others in the world. I can’t save the whole world all at
   once, but I can help individuals learn how they can help others like I
   do. Simply saving one life and teaching them the right ways will always
   pay off and save more lives later on.
   References:
   Ferguson, C. J., Contreras, S., & Kilburn, M. (2014). Advertising and
   fictional media effects on healthy eating choices in early and later
   childhood. Psychology of Popular Media Culture, 3(3), 164-179.
   Doi:10.1037/ppm0000016
   Michela, J. L., & Contero, I. R. (1986). Cognitive, motivational,
   social, and environmental influences on children’s food choices. Health
   Psychology, 5(3), 209-230. doi:10.1037/0278-6133.5.3.209
   Rozin, R. (1990). Development in the food domain. Developmental
   Psychology, 26(4), 555-562. Doi:10.1037/0012-1649.26.4.555
   Salkind, N. J. (2012). Exploring research (8th ed.). Upper Saddle
   River, NJ: Pearson.
   Shutts, K., Kinzler, K. D., & DeJesus, J. M. (2013). Understanding
   infants’ and children’s social learning about foods: Previous research
   and new prospects. Developmental Psychology, 49(3), 419-425.
   Doi:10.1037/a0027551
   [30]0 Comments

[31]The Benefits of Exercising

   4/10/2015

   [32]0 Comments

   Exercise is one of the most UNDERRATED things. Many people think that
   by simply altering their diet they can lose weight and be healthy, but
   the reality is that you will lose fat and muscle mass with only
   altering your diet. The true magic happens when you learn to eat your
   proper portions for your body type and EXERCISE. Exercise helps to keep
   all the muscles of the body strong, including your heart and other
   organs of the body (skin and bones included). Exercise helps us to
   combat signs of aging, helps the body to regulate it’s temperature,
   helps with stress reduction, and weight control. It’s fantastic what
   adding a simple exercise routine into your daily life can do for you.
   Many have lowered their blood pressure, cholesterol, A1C’s, and more by
   simply altering their diet to less animal proteins, more fresh fruits
   and vegetables, and EXERCISE. Below I will go more into detail about
   how exercise truly helps the human body.
   Aerobic Exercise: This type of exercise works muscles at a rate that
   does not exceed the body’s ability to keep them supplied with oxygen in
   the blood. If you are looking for a way to INCREASE MUSCLE ENDURANCE
   (the length a muscle can sustain contractions), then regular aerobic
   exercise is the way for you. This would include brisk walking, biking,
   jogging, swimming, and aerobic classes. This type of exercise works the
   mucles at a rate at which the body is able to keep them supplied with
   oxygen, although it does affect the muscle fibers in many way, such as
   : an increase in the number and the size of the mitochondria, the
   organelles that make the ATP, the number of blood capillaries that
   supply the muscle tissues increase (this increase brings more oxygen
   and nutrients to the muscle tissue and helps to remove metabolic wastes
   more efficiently), and muscle tissue contains more of the
   oxygen-binding pigment myoglobin. When all of these come together, the
   changes produce skeletal muscles that are more efficient metabolically,
   that maintain their tone, and that can work longer without becoming
   fatigued. This type of exercise improves your endurance and blood
   circulation.
   Strength Training: This type of exercise is intense, short-duration
   that produces larger, stronger skeletal muscles. It involves intense,
   short-duration exercises, such as weight lifting. It effects fast
   muscle fibers, which form more myofibrils and make more of the enzymes
   used in glycolysis (which forms some ATP). These changes translate into
   whole muscles that are larger and stronger, but such bulging muscles
   fatigue rapidly so they don’t have much endurance. It is generally
   recommended that you combine strength training with aerobic exercise.
   Modest strength training helps to slow the loss of skeletal muscle
   tissue that is an inevitable part of aging.
   Bone Health: Exercise is known to stimulate bone deposits, along with
   taking in plenty of calcium, you may minimize bone loss. Osteoarthritis
   has been linked to sports injuries, obesity, and simply age.
   Type 2 Diabetes: In many individuals that have been diagnosed with
   Type-2 Diabetes, it can be regulated with proper diet, EXERCISE, and in
   some cases medication. In an individual that is deemed to be overweight
   with Type-2 Diabetes, the disease will often disappear once the
   individuals loses a significant amount of weight.
   Stress: Chronic stress can be a serious issue. It compromises the
   immune system leaving an individual more susceptible to disease and
   illness. It is also linked to insomnia, anxiety, and even depression.
   In order to help with stress, research has shown that physical exercise
   on a regular basis helps to combat stress, which in turn helps to keep
   your immune system strong, helps you sleep better, and helps combat
   depression and anxiety.
   Weight Loss: It is true that you can lose weight simply with diet, but
   you must remember that in order to lose weight you must remember the
   energy in, equals energy used by the body cells. In order to lose just
   1 pound of fat, one must burn about 3,500 calories.  Diet alone may
   accomplish this, but only temporarily. If you are looking to make it a
   life altering thing, that you can continue over the long run, then its
   best to add in some physical exercise. Exercise increases the mass of
   skeletal muscles, and even at rest muscle burns more calories than
   other types of tissues.
   So, overall, if you are looking to lose fat it is highly recommended to
   add in some sort of physical exercise into your daily routine. This not
   only helps in weight loss, but it plays a huge factor in your over
   health and your aging process. As we age we lose bone density, muscle
   mass, and our body slows down. If you get yourself moving early enough
   in, then you may be able to help you maintain your bone density, muscle
   mass, and help to keep your body energy higher than most. You will also
   notice major differences in your body, which is a MAJOR plus!
   [33]0 Comments

[34]Eating Disorders: The Dangers That Lie Within

   4/10/2015

   [35]0 Comments

   An eating disorder is a VERY serious issue. The average person has had
   times when they haven’t eaten enough or have eaten more than necessary
   in a day. The true issue is when lack of eating (anorexia) or
   overeating (binge eating) becomes a habit. Below I will briefly explain
   each disorder both physically and psychologically. We will start with
   the physical aspects of them.
   PHYSICAL
   Anorexia Nervosa – This is typically an individual that views
   themselves as overweight, not matter how thin they may truly be. They
   will intentionally starve themselves, not how hungry they may become.
   They may also tend to over exercise in order to burn calories that they
   are not supplying to their body. Unfortunately, there are some side
   effects with this disorder, and they are: heart arrhythmias,
   osteoporosis, and cessation of menstruation (or amenorrhea) (Starr &
   McMillan, 2012).
   Binge Eating – This is when an individual eats abnormally large amounts
   of food in just a few hours. They will do this at least two times a
   week for about 6 months or so (Starr & McMillan, 2012). With binge
   eating also ties in the next disorder.
   Bulimia Nervosa – This individual may consume as much as 50,000
   calories at one sitting (binge eating) and then intentionally force
   themselves to vomit, take a laxative, or do both (Starr & McMillan,
   2012). Bulimics are the opposite of anorexics, where this disorder is
   easier to hide from others due to the individual not becoming
   emaciated. This may cause one to live with this disorder for many years
   without any detection or help. This disorder holds with it many health
   issues, such as the erosion of enamel on the teeth due to consistent
   vomiting and the rupture of the stomach from chronic vomiting. It may
   also lead to chemical imbalances that could lead to kidney and heart
   failure.
   This is just the physical sides of these disorders, there is also a
   psychological tie-in, and below we will discuss each.
   PSYCHOLOGICAL
   Anorexia Nervosa – Anorexia tends to be rooted in many psychological
   and emotional issues, as well as social factors. It was found that many
   female dancer and athletes may become anorexic in order to attempt to
   achieve an ultra-thin body that they may deem as crucial to their
   success. If untreated, ANOREXIA CAN KILL, but individuals that are able
   to receive treatment are able to return to a healthy weight (Starr &
   McMillan, 2012).
   Binge Eating – Binge eating tends to be tied in with emotional issues.
   Many times individuals that binge eat do so to try to stop or control
   emotion pains or scares for their past. Psychological counseling could
   help one to regain a healthy perspective on food, this includes helping
   with the healing of the emotional blocks (Starr & McMillan, 2012).
   Bulimia Nervosa – Depression is a major factor with many cases
   researched about this disorder. Psychological counseling and supportive
   group therapy have been proven to help one suffering with bulimia,
   although anti-depressants have also been seen to make a difference in
   some individuals (Starr & McMillan, 2012).
   SIGNS OF DISORDER
   Anorexia Nervosa – The refusal to maintain body weight at or above a
   minimal normal weight for their age and height. An intense fear of
   gaining weight and/or becoming fat, despite being underweight.
   Distorted body image or denial that their current body weight is below
   a minimum healthy standard. In women, no menstrual periods for at least
   three months.
   Bulimia Nervosa – Binge eating that includes a sense of no control over
   their behavior. Inappropriate compensating behavior to prevent weight
   gain, such as self-induced vomiting, misuse of laxatives or enemas, and
   excessive exercise. Binging/inappropriate compensating behavior
   (purging or over-exercising) occurs at least twice a week for 3 months.
   Over-concern with body weight and shape.
   These disorders are a serious issue and could possibly lead to death if
   they are not treated properly. They are not something to joke about,
   but to take seriously. Many times these individuals that suffer with an
   eating disorder are fighting a much larger battle. In some cases they
   feel as though they have no control in their life, and this is the only
   thing they CAN control. Please DO NOT judge them by their disorder,
   instead reach out a hand and help them through the tunnel. Today our
   society has put a lot of notice on depression, anxiety, and PTSD, but
   eating disorders are still something that some people don’t take
   serious enough. As I listed, binge eating is a tough one, since many
   people don’t really understand what it is. It is, many times what
   causes one to become overweight. These individuals are using food to
   hide from emotional trauma or some sort of psychological issue that
   they are not ready to come to grips with yet. If someone is overweight
   due to binge eating for psychological or emotional issues, it isn’t as
   easy and giving them a diet and exercise program, you need to work with
   them on a different level. It’s all about learning to combine the
   physical and mental together. Help them shed their psychologically or
   emotionally troubles, and you will then be able to help them begin to
   shed the weight. REMEMBER, it ISN’T about how you LOOK, IT IS about
   your HEALTH!
   Reference:
   Starr, C. & McMillan, B. (2012). Human biology (9th ed.). Belmont, CA:
   Brooks/Cole
   [36]0 Comments
   [37]<<Previous
    Author
       First and foremost I am a mother and wife. I have three children
       that range in age from 4 - 8. They are what takes up most of my
       time, yet I have found time to continue doing hair, massage, being
       a full-time student, and a full-time Beachbody Coach.
       [38]3 DAY REFRESH LOSE WEIGHT AND FEEL GREAT!
       [39]LES MILLS COMBAT
    Archives
       [40]February 2016
       [41]January 2016
       [42]December 2015
       [43]October 2015
       [44]April 2015
       [45]January 2015
       [46]October 2014
       [47]September 2014
       [48]July 2014
       [49]June 2014
       [50]May 2014
       [51]April 2014
       [52]March 2014
       [53]PiYo DEFINE YOURSELF
    Categories
       [54]All
       [55]11 Forgotten Laws
       [56]Anxiety
       [57]Arousal
       [58]Arthritis
       [59]Beachbody
       [60]Benefits
       [61]Bob Proctor
       [62]Cancer
       [63]Cardiovascular Disease
       [64]Celiac Disease
       [65]Chalene Johnson
       [66]Challenge Group
       [67]Challenge Groups
       [68]Change
       [69]Children
       [70]Cholesterol
       [71]Coaching
       [72]College
       [73]Dance
       [74]Degree
       [75]Depression
       [76]Diabetes
       [77]Eating
       [78]Eat Well
       [79]Endurance
       [80]Energized
       [81]Energy
       [82]Erectile Dysfunction
       [83]Falling
       [84]Febrile Seizures
       [85]Fiber
       [86]Fitness
       [87]Gluten
       [88]Gluten Free
       [89]GNC
       [90]Happiness
       [91]HDL
       [92]Health
       [93]Healthy Eating
       [94]Healthy Living
       [95]Heart Disease
       [96]How
       [97]Hydrogenated Soybeal Oil
       [98]Insoluble Fiber
       [99]Insomnia
       [100]Kids
       [101]Law Of Attraction
       [102]Life Coaching
       [103]Lifestyle
       [104]Martial Arts
       [105]Masters
       [106]Meal Plan
       [107]Meal Replacement
       [108]Men
       [109]Mental Health
       [110]Metabolic Syndrome
       [111]Mother
       [112]Motivation
       [113]Muscle
       [114]Muscle Strength
       [115]New Program
       [116]Nutrition
       [117]Online Support Groups
       [118]Panic Disorder
       [119]Physical Activity
       [120]Phytonutrients
       [121]Pilates
       [122]PiYo
       [123]Positive Life
       [124]Processed Foods
       [125]Protein Powder
       [126]Psychology
       [127]PTSD
       [128]School
       [129]Seizures
       [130]Sex Life
       [131]Shakeology
       [132]Sleep
       [133]Soluble Fiber
       [134]Spirituality
       [135]Strength
       [136]Stress
       [137]Stroke
       [138]Success
       [139]Super Foods
       [140]Supersaturday
       [141]Supersunday
       [142]Support Groups
       [143]Type 2 Diabetes
       [144]Universal Laws
       [145]Walking
       [146]Weight Gain
       [147]Weight Loss
       [148]What
       [149]Why
       [150]Women
       [151]Yoga

   #[152]RSS [153][bg_feed.gif] RSS Feed

   Create a [154]free website
   Powered by
   Create your own free website

Start your own free website

   A surprisingly easy drag & drop site creator. [155]Learn more.

   IFRAME: [156]https://www.weebly.com/footer_signup.php

   Quantcast

   ✕

References

   Visible links
   1. file:///
   2. file:///
   3. file:///about.html
   4. file:///contact.html
   5. file:///mentoring-program.html
   6. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-iii
   7. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-iii#comments
   8. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-iii#comments
   9. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-ii
  10. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-ii#comments
  11. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-ii#comments
  12. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-i
  13. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-i#comments
  14. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-i#comments
  15. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/failure-is-not-an-option
  16. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/failure-is-not-an-option#comments
  17. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/failure-is-not-an-option#comments
  18. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/eating-to-change-your-moods
  19. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/eating-to-change-your-moods#comments
  20. http://pinkrootscoaching.weebly.com/
  21. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/eating-to-change-your-moods#comments
  22. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/when-its-time-to-make-changes
  23. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/when-its-time-to-make-changes#comments
  24. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/when-its-time-to-make-changes#comments
  25. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/proper-nutrition-and-exercise-can-keep-you-off-medication
  26. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/proper-nutrition-and-exercise-can-keep-you-off-medication#comments
  27. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/proper-nutrition-and-exercise-can-keep-you-off-medication#comments
  28. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/how-a-child-is-motivated-in-their-food-choices
  29. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/how-a-child-is-motivated-in-their-food-choices#comments
  30. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/how-a-child-is-motivated-in-their-food-choices#comments
  31. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/the-benefits-of-exercising
  32. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/the-benefits-of-exercising#comments
  33. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/the-benefits-of-exercising#comments
  34. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/eating-disorders-the-dangers-that-lie-within
  35. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/eating-disorders-the-dangers-that-lie-within#comments
  36. http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/blog/eating-disorders-the-dangers-that-lie-within#comments
  37. file:///blog/previous/2
  38. http://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/-/shopping_category/3-Day Refresh?referringRepId=337263&tracking=AD_COACHREP_BANNER_3DR
  39. http://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/-/shopping/LMCBase?referringRepId=337263&tracking=AD_COACHREP_BANNER_LMC
  40. file:///blog/archives/02-2016
  41. file:///blog/archives/01-2016
  42. file:///blog/archives/12-2015
  43. file:///blog/archives/10-2015
  44. file:///blog/archives/04-2015
  45. file:///blog/archives/01-2015
  46. file:///blog/archives/10-2014
  47. file:///blog/archives/09-2014
  48. file:///blog/archives/07-2014
  49. file:///blog/archives/06-2014
  50. file:///blog/archives/05-2014
  51. file:///blog/archives/04-2014
  52. file:///blog/archives/03-2014
  53. http://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/-/shopping/PiYoBase?referringRepId=337263&tracking=AD_COACHREP_BANNER_PIYO
  54. file:///blog/category/all
  55. file:///blog/category/11-forgotten-laws
  56. file:///blog/category/anxiety
  57. file:///blog/category/arousal
  58. file:///blog/category/arthritis
  59. file:///blog/category/beachbody
  60. file:///blog/category/benefits
  61. file:///blog/category/bob-proctor
  62. file:///blog/category/cancer
  63. file:///blog/category/cardiovascular-disease
  64. file:///blog/category/celiac-disease
  65. file:///blog/category/chalene-johnson
  66. file:///blog/category/challenge-group
  67. file:///blog/category/challenge-groups
  68. file:///blog/category/change
  69. file:///blog/category/children
  70. file:///blog/category/cholesterol
  71. file:///blog/category/coaching
  72. file:///blog/category/college
  73. file:///blog/category/dance
  74. file:///blog/category/degree
  75. file:///blog/category/depression
  76. file:///blog/category/diabetes
  77. file:///blog/category/eating
  78. file:///blog/category/eat-well
  79. file:///blog/category/endurance
  80. file:///blog/category/energized
  81. file:///blog/category/energy
  82. file:///blog/category/erectile-dysfunction
  83. file:///blog/category/falling
  84. file:///blog/category/febrile-seizures
  85. file:///blog/category/fiber
  86. file:///blog/category/fitness
  87. file:///blog/category/gluten
  88. file:///blog/category/gluten-free
  89. file:///blog/category/gnc
  90. file:///blog/category/happiness
  91. file:///blog/category/hdl
  92. file:///blog/category/health
  93. file:///blog/category/healthy-eating
  94. file:///blog/category/healthy-living
  95. file:///blog/category/heart-disease
  96. file:///blog/category/how
  97. file:///blog/category/hydrogenated-soybeal-oil
  98. file:///blog/category/insoluble-fiber
  99. file:///blog/category/insomnia
 100. file:///blog/category/kids
 101. file:///blog/category/law-of-attraction
 102. file:///blog/category/life-coaching
 103. file:///blog/category/lifestyle
 104. file:///blog/category/martial-arts
 105. file:///blog/category/masters
 106. file:///blog/category/meal-plan
 107. file:///blog/category/meal-replacement
 108. file:///blog/category/men
 109. file:///blog/category/mental-health
 110. file:///blog/category/metabolic-syndrome
 111. file:///blog/category/mother
 112. file:///blog/category/motivation
 113. file:///blog/category/muscle
 114. file:///blog/category/muscle-strength
 115. file:///blog/category/new-program
 116. file:///blog/category/nutrition
 117. file:///blog/category/online-support-groups
 118. file:///blog/category/panic-disorder
 119. file:///blog/category/physical-activity
 120. file:///blog/category/phytonutrients
 121. file:///blog/category/pilates
 122. file:///blog/category/piyo
 123. file:///blog/category/positive-life
 124. file:///blog/category/processed-foods
 125. file:///blog/category/protein-powder
 126. file:///blog/category/psychology
 127. file:///blog/category/ptsd
 128. file:///blog/category/school
 129. file:///blog/category/seizures
 130. file:///blog/category/sex-life
 131. file:///blog/category/shakeology
 132. file:///blog/category/sleep
 133. file:///blog/category/soluble-fiber
 134. file:///blog/category/spirituality
 135. file:///blog/category/strength
 136. file:///blog/category/stress
 137. file:///blog/category/stroke
 138. file:///blog/category/success
 139. file:///blog/category/super-foods
 140. file:///blog/category/supersaturday
 141. file:///blog/category/supersunday
 142. file:///blog/category/support-groups
 143. file:///blog/category/type-2-diabetes
 144. file:///blog/category/universal-laws
 145. file:///blog/category/walking
 146. file:///blog/category/weight-gain
 147. file:///blog/category/weight-loss
 148. file:///blog/category/what
 149. file:///blog/category/why
 150. file:///blog/category/women
 151. file:///blog/category/yoga
 152. file:///home/ctay/cs432/Asst3/source537.txt
 153. file:///1/feed
 154. http://www.weebly.com/?utm_source=internal&utm_medium=footer&utm_campaign=3
 155. http://www.weebly.com/?utm_source=internal&utm_medium=footer&utm_campaign=3
 156. https://www.weebly.com/footer_signup.php

   Hidden links:
 158. https://www.facebook.com/pages/Fit-N-Stylin-Coaching/481683175270460
 159. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2016/02/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-iii.html
 160. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2016/02/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-ii.html
 161. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2016/01/happiness-exercise-nutrition-and-sleep-how-they-all-relate-part-i.html
 162. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2016/01/failure-is-not-an-option.html
 163. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2015/12/eating-to-change-your-moods.html
 164. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2015/10/when-its-time-to-make-changes.html
 165. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2015/04/proper-nutrition-and-exercise-can-keep-you-off-medication.html
 166. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2015/04/how-a-child-is-motivated-in-their-food-choices.html
 167. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2015/04/the-benefits-of-exercising.html
 168. http://twitter.com/share?url=http://coachingwithstyle.weebly.com/1/post/2015/04/eating-disorders-the-dangers-that-lie-within.html
 169. http://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/-/shopping_category/Fitness%20Program/21%20Day%20Fix?referringRepId=337263&tracking=AD_COACHREP_BANNER_21DAYFIX
 170. http://www.weebly.com/?utm_source=internal&utm_medium=footer&utm_campaign=3
